
Reviews of all shows after Europe '72 through end of 1974.


17-06-72
	Let's start this journey with an aud, shall we? It's ok, at least better than the horrific audio that has the odd 2 or 3 second patch here or there. There's an interesting Stella Blue (the first) with loud organ; in fact despite there being no Pig songs, he's quite up in the mix when he plays. There's a decent Other One here that arrives from a Truckin' > Drums but the audio quality does it no favors. After a slow start it veers into a mini-Tiger and then seems content to punch the audience into submission before a quick final verse where it then goes straight into Ramble On Rose. Mini rock and roll set to end and then we are done.
	Ratings: Audio: 4, Show: 5, Highlight: 7

16-07-72
	First set is a really bad audience. Unfortunate, since the Playin' in the middle (yes, not the end of the set) is pretty energetic. Everybody cheers the Donna squeal as well. Wonderful bliss when the soundboard finally kicks in though, although we do switch back to the audience enough times to make the experience uncomfortable. Show is largely average. There's a good jam in the Other One but it's not particularly long and isn't notably better than any other contemporary version. Jerry seems to save his energy for the jam with the Allmans at the end (or was this after the Allmans show?), which is the usual slightly ragged 2 chord vamp.
	Ratings: Audio: 5, Show: 4, Highlight: 5

18-07-72
	Pristine board has a show that relaxes a lot more than the Euro 72 tour. Some of the songs feel undeveloped compared to later versions (Jack Straw, Stella Blue, Sugaree) but this to look at them in the wrong frame - they are fulfilling a different function here. Stella Blues needs another 10 years before Jerry is really ready for it, but you could hardly complain about this version. The tape shows Truckin' > Star, but the former comes to a stop even though Phil is pushing. Star shows a wonderful lightness before building to a non-spacey bubble. After verse 2 a small tiger. There's a whole damn 3rd set afterwards, but it lacks suprises. Really good show.
	Ratings: Audio: 8, Show: 7, Highlight: 7

21-07-72
	There's a more relaxed vibe at these shows compared with Europe 72. Almost like they don't have to prove anything. A wonderful, meandering first set (I mean, it ends on Tennessee Jed!). Jeez, there's another immense jam in the Other One, and yet it feels so natural and unforced, like the band just slowly arrived at some place deep in the cosmic void from which the music springs. This is fairly short jam for the era though, and avoids feedback in the main. Slowly Jerry picks up the pace, we enter the real world again and they spring a slow ballad on us. True to 72 form, there's a NFA > GDTRFB > NFA to end, although it isn't really needed.
	Ratings: Audio: 9, Show: 8, Highlight: 8

22-07-72
	For once, and maybe the first time since the pre-E72 shows, there is no big jam here. Wild, right? The first set is like recent ones, and still very good. They feel quite relaxed. Playing is another (!) good version, however we are still really waiting for a version that escapes beyond an energetic jam in D. On to set 2, which largely continues the same vibe (albeit with quite a bit of band talking). There's a kind of half-hearted jam sequence but it doesn't really work out; even the Dew near the end somehow fails to pop. Every song stands alone and none are allowed to really develop. Nowhere near the level of the previous nights show.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show: 5, Highlight: 5

25-07-72
	There's a looseness and relaxed vibe to these shows. Slightly more laid back than earlier in the year, hard to say why, but I do like it. Here again the show is similar in songs selection and format to the others around it; a slow descent into some hyper-space jam and then 4 or 5 songs to bring us out. It is formulaic in some ways but hard to complain about. I like the new songs since E72 and the absence of Pigpen has actually allowed them to be a bit more mellow. There's a long jam in Other One, but it lacks a bit of space, although it has a unique vamp in the middle. Feels a tiny bit forced. Massive cut in Sugar Magnolia.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show: 7, Highlight: 6

26-07-72
	Another show where there's a long jam - this time in the Dark Star - which seems to lack a little something. Perhaps it's because they don't really go into any form of weirdness; it's a fairly restrained Star. The rest of the show is very similar to others of the same time frame, even down to the mini set after the main jam. One of the things I ma noting with this era is the lack of surprises outside the main jam. All the songs except what you might call the "nominated jam vehicles" almost never wander outside - there's a lack of songs that could break out beyond say 7 or 8 minutes, even if they are played exceptionally well.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show: 6, Highlight: 5

12-08-72
	Another show with a fair amount of on-stage talking. The band certainly seem fired up. Jerry is on the wah even before they start the Playin' jam. This one almost wanders from the main theme a little. Jerry plays some really fast runs in it, even for him. One thing I notice about these shows is there is no standard first set / second set. There is instead a massive jam typically halfway through the second part of the show. There has been very little weaving between songs and outside the jam numbers no surprises. I'm still waiting for an unexpected jam out of a song. This show has an Other One but again a little tame. Rest of show is again good, but lacks surprises.
	Ratings: Audio: 8, Show: 6, Highlight: 6

20-08-72
	Audio on this is messed up at the start. Billy is mixed way too high and the other levels are all over the place. Once we hot the second set, things are a lot better. A good thing, because the Other One jam at this show is the best we've had a for a while. It does 2 things; firstly, it doesn't just appear quite out of nowhere and instead arrives from a He's Gone > Truckin' to get us in the mood, and then finally Stella Blue is is the traditional place. We even, to a large degree, avoid the mini first set afterwards. Pity the encore is in a worse audio than the bad first set, otherwise this would be a very decent show.
	Ratings: Audio: 6, Show: 7, Highlight: 7 

21-08-72
	Another show similar to the others. We are still waiting for a first set song other than Playin' to jam out, and the second set is still like a first set but with a 30 minute jam. This show is the first show where I "got" Dark Star; Jerry tries Morning Dew half-way through but gets chopped off by the rest of the band. It's goes into an El Paso that is marked as going back into spacem but really it meanders direct into a tuning. The Star is more of a long jam on Star rather than a reach into the cosmos; it disappoints slightly and that change to Dew could have been what worked. Nothing much needs to be said of the rest of the show, it's just as tight and hot as recent others.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show: 6, Highlight: 5

22-08-72
	These shows are definitely missing Pigpen. The structure is on the whole too tight. A first set with an increasingly longer Playin', and then another first set with a 20-30 minute single song jam. A Lovelight or Good Lovin' would be a great add. This is much the same, except the front half of the main jam has a Truckin' > Drums intro, although the outro Stella Blue / El Paso / Ramble On is a questionable choice. As for the show? The Playin' is maybe one of the best so far, and long. Also, this Other One is likely the best since E72. It's long, meaty and with several different sections. Early part of NFA jam is a little weak.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show: 7, Highlight: 8

24-08-72
	As per usual with a run of good shows, one after the other, it becomes hard to discern differences but easier to be a critic. Here the first set is as per usual. The Playin' jam is a bit more subdued. The main jam tonight is a 45 minute Star > Dew. There's a good section about 20 minutes into the Star but it doesn't fully stray into full meltdown. The Dew is great but if I'm honest I prefer the later Dews; here the first section is great but the buildup doesn't match later years. Still, a very hard section to be negtive about, it's classic GD. As per expectations, what follows is a little perfunctory, except that Sing Me Back Home is now properly sorted.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show: 7, Highlight: 8

25-08-72
	There's immediately something about this show that says quality. Maybe the Dave Picks sound quality, the set-list. Jerry seems at the top of his game in the slow ballads. There's another Phil solo - I make that the 2nd so far this year. This time it joins the end of a jammed out Truckin' into The Other One. Finally a jam between songs rather than just stuck in one! The jam is great as well. We even avoid the dreaded mini-set post jam. Overall this is a tight, well executed show that bodes very well for the future. We now just need a few more jam songs to work with.
	Ratings: Audio: 9, Show: 8, Highlight: 8

27-08-72 Kesey's Farm
	I don't want to listen to this too many times, so not reviewed this time around.
	Ratings: Audio: 9, Show: 9, Highlight: 8

03-09-72
	Another great show. The band are so chatty right now. Similar set list again, however in a good sign the jam starts in a He's Gone that flows into a long Other One. Yet another bass solo, this seems to be a feature of the Other One's right now, Phil spending a minute or 2 on his own before the big intro. The final 10 minutes of the jam are a crescendo of rising peaks that teeters on the edge of chaos before being pulled in at just the right moment by Weir, who then switches to an ascending chord run out of nowhere. Great stuff. Possible longest show of the year doesn't really need the extra, especially since the sound quality dips near the end.
	Ratings: Audio: 6, Show: 8, Highlight: 8

09-09-72
	A setlist that could be seen to be "more of the same"; not a lot of differentiation around this time. However, the jams in the first set (Bird Song, Playin') are a bit longer. This is the first Playin' I recall where it really calms down a bit and almost tries to not be just a furious jam in the key of D. Long long Other One goes through many phases but nothing truly spectacular, however the jam is book ended by another jam and a ballad, which makes the pacing a lot better. Overall, kinda "average" for the time, however it's a rabbit hole of a show that could be your cup of tea.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show: 8, Highlight: 7

10-09-72
	David Crosby sits in on 2 songs at this show. Which songs? Well, Dark Star > Jack Straw obviously! Let's skip that and look at the first set. There are enough new flavours in the mix (and some taken out, obviously) to make these differ from E72. I'd even say these sets have been getting a bit better recently; like the obilgatory Playin' they are starting to drift to more interesting territory, and a bit more laid back. Can't say I noticed Crosby on the meandering Star, which takes a little too long to get going but is worth checking out.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show: 7, Highlight: 7

15-09-72
	First set with dodgy vocal monitors makes the band mellow out a bit. Sounds great, even though Bob is apologising / complaining about the sound for a good few songs. This time all the short songs are done before the jam; short for the time but 10 minutes into the Other One they have twisted it into a new song. Unfortunatly just as we get interesting, the song switches into an inferior audience (from a nice board) and finishes. The last 2 songs are pretty terrible quality. The crowd sound like they are having fun though. Shame, as this was looking to be an excellent show, the setlist is great, another 10 minutes on the jam and continuation of the board would have made this a killer.
	Ratings: Audio: 6, Show: 8, Highlight: 6

16-09-72
	This is a fine show. There is a fantastic Star, so that is a clear highlight. But all around are great versions of songs, sometimes in weird places. Stella Blue as song 5? A Dew to open the second set? Playin' almost but not quite hitting the 20 minute mark? Longest He's Gone to date at over 15 minutes? Even Big River, of all songs, pushes the 5 minute mark. Well let's be a bit more real, there's the usual Ramble On / NFA stuff at the end of the show but we can let that slide after all that fun before!
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show: 9, Highlight: 8

17-09-72
	These Playin' are slowly getting better and better. They're a different space from the Stars and Other Ones, and although they have not gone totally left-field they are starting to get there, with some calm passages now they are nearly touching the 20 minute mark. At this show they start the main jam pretty late; A 38 minute Other One that has a song into and out of. The length has some validity, as the song snakes around quite a bit, although there's no true meltdown. Overall a decent show, but I think the setlist deceives somewhat.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show: 7, Highlight: 8

19-09-72
	Hard to rate: audience only

21-09-72
	First set is not the usual excellence. They are almost universally very very good without being killer, a certain edge is still lacking with Pigpen gone. Second set is a bit all over the place until a very long Star (37 mins). It takes some time to get going but the last 7/8 minutes erupts into a rhythmic jam over some unheard chord structure (sounds a bit like the mind left body jam chords but never quite gets there). Even the ending of this show is a bit strange.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show: 7, Highlight: 7
	
23-09-72
	It feels almost rude to complain about audio quality from a live show this old, but issues are noted because most shows are surprisingly good; this soundboard however has some phasing artifacts. An unusual Cryptical is played here but Jerry and the band seem a little unsure. Improves after that and I would say everything else is solid, but the main jam is short for the period and the end of the show lacks some fire and finesse. It's not a bad show by any means, it just doesn't stack up well against others of the same period.
	Ratings: Audio: 6, Show: 6, Highlight: 6

24-09-72
	For me, the first Playin' that really comes alive, in the sense that it floats properly away from the default jam they've been grooving on since the start of the year. Greatest Story is majestically laid-back. Yes, there are some sound issues, but this is a great show despite them. The tape crackles it's way through a terrific Star > China > Rider; there's a few rockers after but the band are done. A pity the tape is not in better condition, a slightly messy but great show.
	Ratings: Audio: 6, Show: 8, Highlight: 8

26-09-72
	Another decent show in this run. It's however not really as hot as the previous one; the Playin' is a little too laid back, the main jam is a little short and there are no stand-outs in the rest of the show. This latter point is because pretty much all the songs are played very well consistently but you know where the jams are coming. The surprises really come in a change to the setlist; in this case the "It's All Over Now, Baby Blue" that follows the main jam. Nicely done but cuts the jam short - I do respect them changing things up though.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show: 6, Highlight: 6


27-09-72
	Opens with a Dew. Gotta be a good start, right? Kind of. Aprt from the change of pace at the start, the rest of set 1 and most of set 2 proceeds as normal. Once again the main jam pretty much stands alone. It's a 30 minute Star but it takes some time to really get anywhere and lacks a bit of bite. First verse is spectacularly late, meaning the last 5 or 6 minutes separated from the main jam (maybe a meltdown if the verse had been missed). Not overall a bad show but the obvious highlights are a slight letdown. Even the Playin' only rises to 15 minutes.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show: 6, Highlight: 6

28-09-72
	Show starts great. Begins to really take off in the Playin' jam. Greatest story has a fluffed note but we can forgive that as Jerry somehow squeezes in the St.Stephen intro riff for a touch of genius. Great jam that actually flows through a few songs with nary a missed note in-between them all. Great show, decent setlist, sounds great, what else is needed?
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show: 8, Highlight: 8


30-09-72
	Weird board with very low Keith and Bobby mixed way up. Overall a very relaxed show. The Playin' is pretty relaxed and nothing really runs hot - an observation not a complaint! This vibe stands out in the Truckin' > Other One > Phil solo, the transitions are very smoothy and quite jazzy. Killer jam in the last half of the Other One. Unusually Phil is the one that brings us home. Overall a decent show, could have done with a touch more energy in some places and the end ran a little flat, made up for by the end of the main jam.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show: 7, Highlight: 8

02-10-72
	This is another decent show, however it lacks highlights. Again the first set stuff is very good but nothing goes really out there, however the highlights of the show might be in the Bird Song and Playin'. The second set features what might be the most least jam-orientated second half post Europe 72. The Dew is good but needed to cook a bit longer at the end. The UJB is really nice, but too short. Bit of a mixed bag.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show: 6, Highlight: 6

09-10-72
	Again, a first set of very well played but safe material. It really comes alive in the Playin', a very hot version indeed. After that, we get another show similar in tone to the previous one a decent show a bit lower on jamming. The quality is very high when it hits but it's a bit too short and the end arrives a bit too quickly. Top marks for the bass solo though, even though it's unfortunately cut up a little bit.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show: 6, Highlight: 7

17-10-72
	Check out this setlist - the least jammed show since pre Europe 72? Perhaps the long Playin' sated their thirst. The setlist means I will skip this show for full review, except for the Playin' - it's a bit of an epic here.

18-10-72
	Very well played first set, everything good and laid back; however the degree of seperation between first sets in this era is very little and tends to depend on either minimal jamming or unusual setlist. This one is certainly unusual - it has the first ever Playin' sandwich! Also contains maybe the best Phil solo this year. Dew jams into a Playin reprise! What a great journey, although the songs around the Star were maybe the best part.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show: 8, Highlight: 7

19-10-72
	Tape quality has downhill a bit. It's listenable but there's noticable tape hiss. Does improve somewhat as the show goes on. We are seeing some changes here. There is no Playin', for a start, and for the second time in a row we start the second set with a multi-song jam. The Other One here is one of the better ones for the year, which is really saying something for 1972. Show seems a little short for the period, maybe because of the set changes; still, definitly worth a good listen.
	Ratings: Audio: 6, Show: 8, Highlight: 8

21-10-72
	The ever last free show. We only have a partial tape to go on, but it certainly contains the goods. The mix is a tad weird though, you can hardly hear Billy and Phil is right up. The bass is so loud at some points that my headphones couldn't handle it. The jam was pretty decent, although I have to say it felt a bit low energy at times. Sticks out most on the Dew - the higher tempo versions (where is builds to more a crescendo) are more my sort of thing.
	Ratings: Audio: 6, Show: 8, Highlight: 7

23-10-72
	Too much of a bad audience to review.

24-10-72
	Another show where we are missing a decent chunk of music. What we have are the highlights though, including a fantastic Philo stomp. The main jam is once again split over many songs, which seems to be the band work now. It's a definite improvement and a good indicator of the future. A really good show, it's a pity that we don't have more of this.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show: 8, Highlight: 8

26-10-72
	Unfortunatly Phil is way low in the mix tonight, and the mix is a bit muddy. Major Playin' exploration is slightly hobbled by this. Same with the Truckin > Star, which is a tad shorter than usual. If this existed as a decent audio it would rate a lot higher, but too much missing Phil throughout most of the show is a major loss. An added bonus are the occasional random cuts in minor songs. Decent show, bad tape - most unfortunate.
	Ratings: Audio: 6, Show: 7, Highlight: 8

27-10-72
	Not really a fan of this mix. The vocals are way to high, I can hear some Jerry and drums and the rest is a bit lost. And that's the SBD! Unfortunately it gets even worse as we enter the second set with a further deterioration to a low-end audience. Give this show a skip, although the setlist looks tempting.

28-10-72
	Another dodgy mix, but the tape quality isn't so bad, it's just the mix is a bit over the place, with the drums mixed a bit too high and a touch of hiss. We are as normal until the PITB, and this is fairly calm one for a change. Pity about the cut 18 or so minutes in. Another long He's Gone - it's not really going places but is being extended. Another really good Greatest Story. Killer end to Dark Star after Philo stomp section, easily one of the top 72 Stars and a stand-out 15 minutes of GD in a stand-out year.
	Ratings: Audio: 6, Show: 8, Highlight: 9

30-10-72
	AUD tape with almost no jamming. Ok, I may have sold it short - it's an AUD from Bear, at least, but will skip this one for review.

12-11-72
	Mix has major issues. 

13-11-72
	The only really decent part of the recording is Bears audience of Star > Dew. Worth checking, even if the audio is a little far away at times.

14-11-72
	Finally a decent sounding tape, although it starts a bit hissy. This is a rock solid collection of bangers from the off. A look at the setlist is deceives slightly - the jam is short (at least, for 1972) but it goes to a decent place, not quite in meltdown territory. The set flow is now consistently better than the summer shows and there's not really a duff song here; maybe He's Gone needs a bit more meat on the bone but that's being picky.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show: 8, Highlight: 8

15-11-72
	Another top-quality run through the first set. Unfortunately, Playin' seems to have moved to the second set so we are short of jam vehicles with the exception of a (usually early) Bird Song. Playin' has a relaxed tone as soon as we hit the jam. Ultimatly it wanders around but not really far enough away from the (by now) fairly familiar jam. It's still more like a starter jam and self-contained, so the flow of previous shows is lacking.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show: 6, Highlight: 6

17-11-72
	Sound quality is so-so for the period, but improves as the show progresses. Another decent first set; good Bird Song is the highlight. Again feels like something is missing now that Playin' has moved; we've gone from 2 solid jams per show to one. Truckin' transition into Other One is great. Other One leads to a really heavy jam. Pity it cuts to aud for a tiny moment as we are hitting the real chaos. If not for this, it would be one of the jams of the year. Overall a really good show, slight marred by sound issues.
	Ratings: Audio: 6, Show:8, Highlight: 8

18-11-72
	Only the second set seems available unfortunately. To be honest, most of the second set is like a first set except for the long, hyperactive Playin' that sits in the middle. They go pretty nuts in this one and the first 20 minutes are well worth checking out, although it eases and gets a bit more normal on the home straight. Phil is also mixed really loud here and that always helps on these tapes. Rest of show is well done but nothing exceptional for the time. Seems this idea of stringing together a bunch of tunes has some way to go.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show:7, Highlight: 9

19-11-72
	Another very good first set. A few decent tunings in the mix, which is always a good sign. There's a long Dark Star in the sceond set but it wanders around a bit too much and doesn't arrive at a decent destination. Weir starts a tentative early Weather Report suite after 30 minutes and then all hell breaks loose for a minute or 2. Much better! The whole second set is a bit disjointed like that. Could have been better.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show:7, Highlight: 7

22-11-72
	Well done show where everything comes together well - it's a fine representation of the time period as we transition away from single long jams to a more modern style. There's no particular stand-out but then there's also not a note out of place. The transitions themselves are still lacking somewhat but you can start to see a formative echo of the future.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show:7, Highlight: 6

24-11-72
	More like an extended first set - which is surprising, as the band move Playin' back to the first set for this one. Truckin' has a nice jam developing but it is cut short fairly before 13 minutes is up. Another mini-jam is attempted with the GDTRFB > NFA > GDTRFB, and it actually has some length this time but it's more of a solid wrap up then any cosmic voyage. SLight dissapointment in this show, it's partly like a 71 show.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show:6, Highlight: 6

26-11-72
	This must be the worst SBD of the year, it sounds like it's 20 generations away from the master tape. The last hour or so it clears up, although still quite hissy it does become more listenable. This is a fairly sweet Dark Star. I noticed myself missing thematic jams from the the year, no Spanish Jam, Mind Left Body etc.. Perhaps a Philo stomp although that's more a solo thing. Reasonable show for the time when the sound gets sorted, although no surprises.
	Ratings: Audio: 4/6, Show:7, Highlight: 7

10-12-72
	We miss the bulk of the first set, although the tape is of a decent quality. What the hell are the band doing playing San Antonio in December? Another good show, although we have a very dominant (and quite long) Truckin' > Other One that doesn't go as deep as I'd like, and then a slightly messy run of songs to the end; the structure is more akin to the Europe '72 run. It makes the last 20 minutes very stop / start. Still, you won't be disappointed, even if we are missing a good hour at the start.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show:7, Highlight: 6

11-12-72
	Let's not mess around here, the Dark Star is the real deal here. It contains not 1 but 2 sections where it twists out from the main theme; unusually for the time Jerry changes things up before the first verse, and after the second we nearly get a tiger! There's a whole lot of other songs, but you know what they are and the quality is great as usual.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show:7, Highlight: 8

12-12-72
	Nice show; nothing really stands out as surprising but the setlist is good on paper. In some ways there is just as much jamming in the first set as the second, as the Other One in this show is kept short. The Truckin' that precedes it is good though, and recently version of this song have been getting jammier than before. Rest of show is as expected; this show needed a little more meat on the bone.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show:6, Highlight: 7

15-12-72
	All round good show with a very good jam coming out of the Truckin. The jam is so good that they give up 10 minutes into the following Dark Star to dive into a semi-rare Dew. The Dew is nice but like others of the era, it needs a bit more pep at the end. Very good show overall. If the Star wasn't so disappointing this would be a really good show, it just seems they ran out of steam a little too early.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show:7, Highlight: 8

31-12-72
	One of the milder new year countdowns to start with, leading into what is surely one of the better end of year events. Great show with a nearly 40 minute Other One, the jamming is no slouch and is kicked off with another jammy Truckin'. The whole show is decent, there is a 30 minute mini-set after the jam but this time with decent song choices and a good flow. Great show.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show:8, Highlight: 8

09-02-73
	Famous show to bring in 73 with a bang. Has pretty much everything you want, except for a freakout jam. The Eyes jam is not as hot as future versions but is definitely a pointer for the future. This show is bit like Barton Hall 77 in that a fine board tape existed and circulated fairly early, and thus the show has become over-rated.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show:7, Highlight: 7	

15-02-73
	Very similar to the previous show. Phil teases Eyes as soon as he hits his solo, and Star is short to bring it forward. It's a slightly better developed jam that the first version as well; hints towards the 7/4 section as well. I'd say this is show is pretty similar to the first show of the year, but it's better done in my opinion. I wonder when this tape came out.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show:7, Highlight: 8

17-02-73
	Very strange setlist, the first set looks way more jammed than the second (He's Gone / Bird Song / Stella Blue / Playin'!). Jerry's guitar totally dies in LLR, the band manage to get through it very well (actually makes it very unique). Aside from that though, not a lot stands out, and this show is a bit of a damp squib. It does have a well rocked out ending though!
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show:5, Highlight: 6

19-02-73
	In complete contrast to the last show, we only have the major jam from the second set here, 70 minutes+ of continuous music! It's a really good jam as well, lacks a bit of space but generally wanders all over the place. Best Eyes so far as well, the first introduction of the 7/4 part. The highlight was probably the Truckin' > Other One jam though. There are some small audio issues (and a tiny cut) in the latter unfortunatly. Possible contender for best Casey Jones?
	Ratings: Audio: 6, Show:8, Highlight: 8

21-02-73
	The band are now consistently moving between songs in the jamming, quite a difference from a year previous. As usual, the main meat is in the second set, and it's a wonderful Truckin' > Eyes > Stella. Nothing too weird but again the Eyes jam is the best yet, the band are sure having fun covering it. Cracking JB Goode to finish as well, a wonderful 20 seconds where Jerry goes mad on the fret board. Great show!
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show:8, Highlight: 8

22-02-73
	Another good show to continue 73. It is apparent that some of the deeper dive spaces have gone for a little while; here again Dark Star is short as they dive into Eyes. Both tracks are both getting interesting as they start to wind down. Despite that, with a slew of new songs the band seem invigorated and there's a certain freshness to things. Playin' seems to have reverted back to it's first set slot again.
	Ratings: Audio: 7, Show:7, Highlight: 7

24-02-73
	Unfortunate broken up with fragments - of greatness, even more unfortunate - is not in a fit state to really review.

26-02-73
	As if in response to my concerns from 2 shows previous, here is a 25 minute Star. It would be remiss to pass without comment on the excellent music leading up to it though; great quality and not a note out of place. Star is decent and features a fairly deep dive compared to more recent ones; again this is "the best Eyes so far", they are definitely getting better. Even an oddly placed Uncle after the jamming can't spoil the mood.
	Ratings: Audio: 8 Show:8, Highlight: 8

28-02-73
	Need to get Dicks Picks 28

15-03-73
	Good show with a very good jam out of Truckin' > Other One. The first set is also very solid but they kind of all are in this era, so hard to say much of interest about it. Unfortunately the tape has a few cuts, minor but annoying enough, and it ends at China Doll so you miss the end of the show. Does the Other One meltdown make up for it? A bit short but it's pretty good.
	Ratings: Audio: 6 Show: 8, Highlight: 8

16-03-73
	Another great first set. Nice stage talk after Wave That Flag, and a really good Playin' make this stand out a bit more. Second set has some slightly strange choice of songs pre-jam but Star > Truckin' > Dew is great (albeit a touch more intensity in the Dew would be good, a song that gets better after 74 IMHO). Even the Sugar Mags encore is a little downbeat on energy.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8, Highlight: 7

19-03-73
	First He's Gone since Pigpens death. Fairly normal first set. The Playin's seem to have reverted back to set 1 again, and are a bit shorter, however they seem to be getting a little hotter recently. Decent jam in second set links quite a few songs but nothing too long; Eyes at this show is no longer "best so far" but is showing more development of the 7/4 section (Jerry gets it slightly wrong here).
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 7, Highlight: 7

21-03-73
	Star > Eyes > Wharf Rat > Sugar Mags. There's a decent setlist. To comment on the (again excellent) first set is superfluous. It is what you expect. This is a mad, crazy Dark Star and I might say better than any of '72. All the guitarists seem to be scratching their instruments. It is pure genius. Unfortunately, some issues with the mix at points, but it's still far from unlistenable.
	Ratings: Audio: 6 Show: 9, Highlight: 10

22-03-73
	Another solid show. The new songs are bedded in well now. Eyes again. It does tend to cut short some of the jams, here we get 20 minutes of Other One that doesn't really have enough time to get spacy enough and then it rolls into Eyes - paired again with China Doll. Later shows have a bit of a 10 minute curse, where all the long songs top out at 10 minutes, this short era seems to have a 18 minute curse. Not a bad problem to be honest.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 7, Highlight: 7

24-03-73
	Great show with a relaxed vibe. There's a first set with nary a note out of place. Playin' sets the tone for the rest of the evening. A slightly weird setlist but it settles down. This is the best Truckin' so far, or rather, the best Truckin' jam. The way it melts into and out of Spanish jam a few times is a thing of beauty. Second best jam of the year so far. And after 30 minutes it flows into a Dark Star that almost as short as the single release. Also has the first (?) Slipknot tease. Crazy band.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8, Highlight: 9

26-03-73
	Wolfman Jack himself introduces the band and they play Ramble On Rose of course. There's a long jam woven around about 5 songs in the second set and whilst they are all very good on there own, this didn't gel as much as it did on paper. It's a good show - a great show, even - but there's a little too much space and adventure missing from the sequence.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 7, Highlight: 7

28-03-73
	I'm having sweats looking at that second set. Playing as the penultimate song? This is a jam that double-dips in the 2nd set. In fact almost triple dips as Star spaces out, Eyes melts into a gooey jazz and then back down the rabbit hole for the Playin'. It's a touch better on paper as the Star is a little too spacey for me but it's a crazy setlist that you need to experience. The rest of the show is top-notch, as expected.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8, Highlight: 7

30-03-73
	Another decent show overall, but lacking a bit in the jams section and thus not quite reaching the peaks of other shows of the era.

31-03-73
	Pretty weird second set song list. Great jam in it though, and it weirdly comes to an end with a Rider tacked on without a China Cat. There's even a vague "Jam" in the middle where it get's really jazzy. Rest of show is as expected; the aforementioned sequence is great though, even if it lacks a little length in some sections - it's a decent journey.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8, Highlight: 8

02-04-73
	No long jam in here but they go deep a few times in various songs - the first of course occurring in the first set Playin'. The most excellent is the greatest version of Here Comes Sunshine, although perhaps it is fairer to say more the greatest jam out of it. By 9:15 they have entirely left the song and a mini-meltdown ensues. Fantastic! The Eyes is also pretty wild and full of energy. Not the usual show, and makes for a good change. Also very rare Donna on "We Bid You Goodnight".
	Ratings: Audio: 8 Show: 8, Highlight: 9

13-05-73
	The circulating boards aren't that great except for a 1 hour segment near the end. But what a segment it is. Well jammed out Truckin' leads to an exploratory Other One leading to a fiery meltdown before transferring beautifully to another excellent Eyes. Stunning - the way the foot is off, then on, then off the gas again is a thing to behold.
	Ratings: Audio: 5/7 Show: ? Highlight: 9

20-05-73
	Possibly the weakest show of the year. It's merely average, which in a flood of greatness is not a good thing. The jams are cut a bit short and overall it lacks a bit of sparkle. The Playin' is likely the best part of the show but then again every single Playin' this year has been decent.
	Definitely the weakest Eyes so far.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 5 Highlight: 6

26-05-73
	Kezar 73, like Barton Hall 77, has had a high quality SBD available for ages and often appears in "best show ever" lists. Whole show seems remarkably laid-back - to be honest, a little too laid back for me. On the historical side this starts the trend of the long 3 set shows that feature this summer. Personally I feel that's too much for the band, even in '73; they are mainly 2 first sets and a second and it's hard to sustain the energy. Here it's sustained by being so laid-back; maybe great if you like that vibe.
	Ratings: Audio: 8 Show: 7 Highlight: 7

09-06-73
	Slightly disjointed show from the band. There's no big jam, just some shorter segments and it sounds more like one long first set in a way; maybe it's because they were opening for the Allmans? They end the first set on T.Jed and the second on China Doll. Playin' appears in the second set again, first time for a while. None of it is particularly bad but it's a step back from the shows earlier in the year.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 6 Highlight: 6

10-06-73
	Rare Morning Dew cold opener (they must have trusted the mixing desk after the previous nights show). Long first set unfortunately ends in a rare mis-step as they get to the Playin' reprise. My thought "crikes this is a long show" occurs when there's still 2 hours to go, 2hrs and 40 minutes in. Crikey this Dark Star goes pretty deep into the feedback compared to recent efforts. Not sure I'm keen on He's Gone > Wharf Rat to follow. This show is too long and it feels spread a little thin in places, with a weak end.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 7 Highlight: 6

22-06-73
	This is a much better show than the previous few. Absolute killer Truckin > Other One jam that's nearly 42 minutes. A few audience patches but nothing serious. The rest of the show is as expected, but it's just a touch more directed than some recent shows, doesn't feel tired and also doesn't try to be insanely long. Maybe the best of the summer shows so far. 
	Ratings: Audio: 6 Show: 7 Highlight: 7

24-06-73
	Maybe the best badly mixed Promised Land opener so far. First set is more ore less as you'd expect, perhaps not quite as good as some other nights. It's not bad as such but could have been a bit better (with the surprising exception of You Ain't Women Enough - the best I've heard). There's a long Star but it wanders a bit too much. Even the Eyes afterwards lacks the usual oomph.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 6 Highlight: 6

26-06-73
	Slightly rough sounding board with plenty of audience patches. Improves as the show goes on. The long-ish (50 minutes) jam winds through several songs and ultimately leads to a feedback drenched Other One that transitions into Sugar Mag quite gracefully. Better than recent shows, once the tape settles down a bit.
	Ratings: Audio: 5 Show: 7 Highlight: 6

29-06-73
	Only about half the show exists and the tape is a bit hissy at times. However it's a very solid show. The Playin' is great and there is a wonderful free-flowing jam that starts in Truckin' and simmers away for the fantastic Other One. Then it transfers to Morning Dew, a rare treat in these times. The sound quality is not the best and there are chunks are missing, but thankfully we get the good stuff.
	Ratings: Audio: 6 Show: 8 Highlight: 8

30-06-73
	Let's try the matrix here. It's not bad, although I still think the board would be slightly better. This is a fairly "normal" show I would suggest. There's a Star > Eyes but the Star is fairly short and the Eyes slightly lacks direction from Jerry - which does mean there's some wicked Keith playing in the outro jam. Everything else is decently well played but it lacked some excitement for me.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 6 Highlight: 6

01-07-73
	Another average show for the period - very good, but portions of the first set are a bit predictable. Pretty long Playin tries to go places but ultimately it's more about the length. The Other One at this show really tries to get out there and follows what is already a fantastic exit jam out of Truckin'. The rest is a bit more normal and the Bobby McGee to finish the jam is a weird placement.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 7 Highlight: 7

27-07-73
	The infamous Watkins Glen soundcheck. It's a short show, with the obvious highlight being the jam from nothing, which wanders around before leading to a very "Fire on the mountain" riff jam between 2 chords a whole-step apart. It's not the best jam ever, but it is quite unique. Worth a listen, it's not really a show so much as a short first set.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 7 Highlight: 7

28-07-73
	Once again a fairly standard first set. The jamming is cut short for this show. A He's Gone > Truckin' unfortunately leads nowhere. Quite a bit of digi-noise on the tape as well in places, the mix is very up and down and quite a lot of patches; props to the remaster engineers putting this one together.
	Ratings: Audio: 5 Show: 5 Highlight: 6

31-07-73
	Only available as an aud.

01-08-73
	The first set is a bit average and the sound quality isn't the best but the jam in the second set is great. What's more, the highlight might just be the Dew, which finally has a truly frantic ending. The Star is also decent; says a lot when the weakest song might be a 20 minute version of Eyes from 1973! Come for the jam and skip the surrounding parts though; there are better first sets in this period.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 7 Highlight: 7


07-09-73
	It's a decent first set that seems a lot more focused than a few recent ones. Ends with a decent Playin'. Jerry seems almost angry during the step back at the start of set 2, but the music is cool as a cucumber. Decent first version of Let It Grow. Keith on B3? It's a great sound, should have done this more. The Other One > Eyes jam is particularly sick, Jerry seems to never run out of ideas in the Eyes.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 9

08-09-73
	Good show that is more than the sum of it's parts. Curiously missing any major jam vehicle of the time. Despite that, the first Weather Report Suite, a decent Eyes, one of the best (?) versions of He's Gone, a decent Truckin' meltdown and a rare (for now) NFA > GDTRFB make for a decent and interesting show.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 7

11-09-73	Horns
12-09-73	Horns
15-09-73	Horns
17-09-73	Horns
18-09-73	Not reviewed!
20-09-73	Horns
21-09-73	Horns
24-09-73	Horns
26-09-73	Horns

19-10-73
	Well played but flags a bit near the end of the second set. The slower numbers shine here, there's nothing really fast or furious that stand out but halfway through the first set things are going well. First real Mind Left Body jam out of Dark Star. Absolutly stand-out encore of Eyes > Stella Blue, seems like the band didn't want to stop playing!
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 7 Highlight: 7

21-10-73
	This first set is wild. 2 screw-ups in songs, buzzing in some songs, mixer desk talking, Bob reports on the baseball scores and that's just the first 5 songs. Set ends with an excellent Weather Report Suite, despite it being just the second one. Two excellent jams in the second set; the opener a Playin' sandwich, and then a less open He's Gone > Truckin > What Raf combo. We close with some laid back rockers. Really well dome show.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 8


23-10-73
	The infamous show where a fight stops the Casey Jones encore. It's all quite well played but there's a lack of length in the jamming. Perhaps the audience vibes were doing something. It's a good show that lacks a proper highlight. I think the problem is the Weather Report; you can tell the band are already seeing it as a jam vehicle but here they seem to be less playful than the recent first version.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 7 Highlight: 7


25-10-73
	First set is more or less the same as the recent ones; nothing bad but also nothing surprising. The second set has a crazy song list that looks perfect on paper. However the full Weather Report is a bit tacked on and to be honest they haven't topped the first one yet. The Star led jam before all that is really good though, and contains one of the best feedback led meltdowns we've heard this year.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 7 Highlight: 8

27-10-73
	Tape is a bit up and down in quality; luckily the bulk of the second set is in decent quality but the first set is a bit all over the place. Another show where the band attempt 2 jams in the second set. A split Playin' sounds a bit forced in the join to be honest but is a decent attempt. Second jam ends in a weird Wharf Rat > Stella Blue choice. A bit up, a bit down but it's all played well. Maybe a slightly off night in balance.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 6 Highlight: 7

29-10-73
	Great quality board, with an abysmal audience source for the odd few seconds here and there. However, I will say expect for one Bobby song this such small snippets that they end up showing off the audio quality (This was sbd.miller.32352). Set list is great, an Eyes > China jam to end the first set and an hour sequence based around Truckin' > Other One for the second. The Eyes is great, the Truckin' really good and the Other really goes all in. Mighty fine show.
	Ratings: Audio: 8 Show: 8 Highlight: 8

30-10-73
	Jaw-dropping second set list - Star > Stella > Eyes > Weather Report! It has to be one of the most relaxed second sets I've ever heard though. The jam in Dark Star is pretty decent but gets a little too laid back in the second half, and this so-laid-back-its-horizontal vibe carries through the rest of the show. Even that show where Jerry hits the valium in 79 is more upbeat than this.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 7 Highlight: 7

01-11-73
	This is it! One of the best and most surprising transitions of the entire GD catalogue. Really, don't even look at the setlist for this one, just crack it open at the start and enjoy. Unfortunately the first set is missing, but the second set list is a total banger from start to finish. The Playin' jam is one of the best so far and really makes an attempt to get away from the song, although not quite meltdown territory. there's a 40 minute jam after the highlight - peak 10 minute song territory; decent but fails to match previous heights.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 8

09-11-73
	Strong first set. No real standouts as such, just very solid. Seconds set has maybe the best Me & My Uncle I recall. Some killer Jerry fills. This is the best Let It Grow since the first one. The Eyes that follows is also extemely solid. As a whole show, hard to top, everything is just played so well and with decent energy.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 7

10-11-73
	Another show of which we only have the main jam in the second set. It's mainly a massive Playin' sandwich and for me isn't really as good as it could be - none of the songs are really long enough to obtain lift-off. Despite saying that, you'd be hard pushed to say that this was a bad show though.
 	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 7 Highlight: 7

11-11-73
	Looks good on paper but the main event - a long Dark Start in set 2 - rambles for far too long and it seems the band are short on ideas in an otherwise well played show. Even when Billy steps in and ups the tempo it still doesn't go anywhere. Overall a bit of an off night for the band; didn't seem to gel well at any point.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 7 Highlight: 6

14-11-73
	Again the set list looks magnificent. Let's just move straight to and say that you should know there is a face-melting Other One jam in the second set that touches 4 other songs in just the right ways. Rest of show is also good and an added bonus is the set-list is just subtly different enough to make the whole show seem very fresh.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 8

17-11-73
	Excellent second set setlist, even after the massive Playin > UJB > Dew sandwich you still get a solid Eyes and a whole load of energy. I'm not normally a big fan of this sandwich but the version here has a great Playin' intro and they take their time easing into it. Overall a very decent show, maybe lacking a clear highlight. It's getting hard to rate these shows - they are generally excellent.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 7

20-11-73
	It almost goes without saying that the shows of the era are all very good, however this one flags a bit in energy towards the end and lacks any shining brilliance. No matter how good a Truckin' > Other One > Mind Left Body jam looks on paper it fails to hit the highlights of contemporary shows. I think the lack of any sort of jam in the first set hinders the show a little as well.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 6 Highlight: 6

21-11-73
	This really is the show that keeps on giving. Another first set Weather Report sets the tone nicely, then we have a long jammy trip (via a triple Playin' sandwich) that gallops through a great setlist. No real standout, but maybe that's because it's all good? Certainly I can't think of a dull moment at this show.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 8

23-11-73
	Sublime show, everything is pretty much "just exactly perfect" and smooth as heck. It lacks a big killer moment but these shows are far more about the flow anyway. The Other One here hits just right; just enough rock and roll, jazz and general weirdness for everyone. An Eyes afterward is another guarentee of a decent jam in this period. Weather Report Suite to finish set 1 as well? What a treat!
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 7

25-11-73
	I was going to write that this show lacks highlights, but the truth is it's top notch from start to end, All the shows of this period are super solid. Mixed up setlists, great sound, fine voices, mixed well and so on. This show "only" has an Eyes > Weather Report for 30 minutes, but what a playful run though it is. This era is better then Europe '72 for me, hard to see 74 topping it.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 7 Highlight: 7

30-11-73
	Great show, from the opening notes of Morning Dew to the last gasp of Sugar Mags there's something for everyone. Great Playin' jam to close the first set but the even better Let it Grow > Dark Star in the second set is a sign of things to come in 74'. A 20 minute Eyes follows. I didn't hear a duff night all night long.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 7

01-12-73
	As per the period this is a good show. However the energy level is a little low and the second set set takes some time to get going as they have typical fire marshall issues. The main jam that happens afterwards lacks any major fireworks and could be described as workmanlike; professional but fails to really shine, composed as it is out of several small jams.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 7 Highlight: 6

02-12-73
	Well check out that second set setlist - quite the monster. There are no big dives after Playin' but by then we are 45 minutes into the set anyway. This is a solid show, not quite my ideal type but I'm certainly not going to complain with this one. I don't think anybody could complain with that setlist!
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 8

04-12-73
	Show is a short one since they start so late. Subsequently it doesn't start well, with an angry Phil. The second set is the most affected, it's about 45 minutes and they open with an Eyes that dives into atonal space very quickly. It seems a little out of place, almost, with no real warm up. I like the style but the substance is not quite there. There's a few quick rockers to close out and then it's all over. Unusual.
	Ratings: Audio: 6 Show: 7 Highlight: 7

06-12-73
	There's a first set, but things only start to heat up in the Here Comes Sunshine, a decent long version. Dark Star comes out of a tuning jam after Big River, and it's well over 20 minutes before even a hint of actual Star. It's a strange inverted one; starting with a long jam and then only going to the actual song! Also Keith on a Fender Rhodes, very unusual.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 8

08-12-73
	Decent first set - no big surprises but well done from start to finish. Jerry plays the slipknot riff in step back at the start of the second set. There's a sequence of songs - part of which includes a very rare solo Jerry - before heading into a real decent Other One meltdown that goes exactly where you want it. Wharf Rat > Stella Blue is a weird choice to come out of it though. Pity about the audience during the JB Goode at the end, the rest of the show is great quality.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 8

10-12-73
	Download series volume 8; a few songs are annoyingly missing from the show. This is a bit of a mixed bag, because the second set is lacking the now customary big jam and as a result it sounds disjointed (thus a Brokedown / China > Rider / Sugar Mags > GDTRFB > Sunshine Daydream weird ending). It's done well but it's notch or 2 below contemporary shows.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 6 Highlight: 6

12-12-73
	This is similar to the previous night - the second set is broken up, although this time the flow is a bit better and the song choice is improved. Band sound laid back, and a bit tired. Jerry wishes Dickey Betts happy birthday - surely unique? Overall it's not a bad show in any particular way but not one of the many highlights of the year.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 6 Highlight: 6

18-12-73
	Setlist looks better on paper. A Tennessee Jed open though, a very unusual choice. First set takes some time to get going, but the second set delivers with a set-list for the ages and some pretty decent jamming. Jerry even cracks a joke when he gets onstage. Better than the last 2 shows and well worth a listen. A couple of audience patches are annoying but nothing major.
	Ratings: Audio: 6 Show: 8 Highlight: 7

19-12-73
	Another solid show to end the year. There's nothing of any major length, but the Other One slides into insanity pretty quickly and has a great meltdown. This show has the "best" HCS that gets raved over as well. It's not really a standout here because everything else is so well done. Decent show to end the year with.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 8

22-02-74
	Slightly disjointed show that is practically 3 first sets. Set one has a Playin' jam; set 2 has a Truckin' > Nobody's Fault that fizzles out afterwards, and then set 3 has an Eyes > China, with a short Eyes 
	as well. It's a weird show - every song is played very well, but the sum of the parts could have been better; this really lacks a longer tied together passage.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 7 Highlight: 6

23-02-74
	Smokin' set list that mostly lives up to the billing. There's really 2 seperate jams in the 2nd set, and every song is played well. The Other One isn't particularly long but it wastes no time at all getting to exactly where you want it - and there's no messing around when it exits the jam either, a great 30 minute run of jamming and energy to close the show.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 7

24-02-74
	This is rated best of the 3 nights. It needs to be a killer show to do that, but luckily it does rise to the occasion, although I'm not convinced that it's better than the previous night. It's not mentally twisted enough to clear that bar, but it's all done very well, the setlist is pretty top-notch and there's not a note out of place. Highlight is the Star > Dew.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 7

23-03-74
	Screwed up Playin' intro is certainly a change! It's the start of a weirdly disjointed second set; the Playin' > UJB > Dew > UJB > Playin' opens set 2 and acts as the main jam, leaving a weird 1st set afterwards. I wouldn't even say the sandwich is notably worthy enough to make up for all of that.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 7 Highlight: 7

12-05-74
	The first Around & Around done competently. I love this song in it's pomp and glory (late '78'), and yet the limp version you find in the early 70's, 80's and 90's is one of the songs I'd skip if I ever skipped. This version almost crashes and is better for it. Other than that, this is slightly below-par show of the period. There's a good jam in the Other One that weirdly hits the buffers when it goes into a Row Jimmy. Strange choice.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 7 Highlight: 6

14-05-74
	A great setlist and a very decent show. Nearly 45 minutes of WRS > Star is great. Although the Star wanders a little for the first 10 minutes it makes up for it when Jerry enters tiger territory. They end the set with a near 15 minute GDTRFB, surely one the best. Some bonus points, surely, for the Scarlet > Roses in the first set as well!
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 8

17-05-74
	The defining feature of a lot of these shows is the setlists can be a bit all over the place, with a few new jammy songs in weird positions. This one suffers slightly from a weird second set. It's a bit up and down and the main sequence is a fragmented Truckin' > Eyes, with the latter being a bit short.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 6 Highlight: 6

19-05-74
	This show has quite a few positive reviews but for me the highlights, good though they are, are a little short. A well jammed Weather Report (the best so far?) is for me the highlight. There's a well rated Truckin' jam that has some good moments but it's all over a bit too quick for me. Also another show where the second set looks like it's broken into 2; still, better than having one of those mini 1st sets to send the show with.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 6 Highlight: 7

21-05-74
	This is the show with the longest Playin'. It's severe length and placement are both weird - 46 mins of the start of the second set! There's an Eyes to fill the space near the end, but the Playin' seems to suck the bands energy, not unsuprisingly. It's a good Playin', but I don't think it deserves the length, as its not as exploratory as you'd expect.
	Ratings: Audio: 6 Show: 6 Highlight: 7

25-05-74
	Nice show and the setlist was decent but it felt like nothing really had a chance to shine. Quite a few 10 minute songs after the main Truckin' jam which was itself not that long. First set sounded a bit rushed, like they were coked up as well. I'd say below average for the period.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 5 Highlight: 6

08-06-74
	Oh lords, it's June 74. Is there a better month in GD history? What a setlist, what a show. The Playin' really does go there and I'm convinced only out of tune guitars stop the jamming after an hour of free-flowing music. Relaxed vibe, not a bad note, great show.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 8

16-06-74
	Somehow, out of the ashes of a long Eyes jam Jerry manages to jam into Big River. And that's only the first set! 30 min Playin' and we have officially entered double-dip territory 15 minutes in. This one ain't messing about. Killer "Greatest Story", at which point I'm just confused about where in the set I am. There's a third major jam out of Truckin'? What treasures this show has. Keith on the Rhodes is excellent.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 9 Highlight: 8

18-06-74
	No Playin' in this first set, just have to live with the Eyes > China Doll instead (!). Fantastic jam leading out of WRS into Other One that lands in a feedback drenched meltdown with Phil very prominent. Oh crikes, there's a storming Morning Dew as an encore. Shows have just picked up brilliantly.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 9

20-06-74
	Seemingly a shorter show than usual. Beautiful To Lay Me Down in the first set. Truckin' > Eyes > Slipknot in end the second. Doesn't have quite the highlights of the more recent shows, but you really are nitpicking against some fine, killer shows.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 7

22-06-74
	Crikes the recent Playin's have been outstanding. It must be the peak of the song. They are full sonic adventures and given time to explore. They follow that set-closer by starting set 2 with another June '74 peak, China Rider. 45 mins of killer. The set ending Eyes > Wharf Rat is quite laid back and jazzy. Maybe a little too laid back for me. Almost distasteful to relegate a 74 Eye's to an afterthought.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 9

23-06-74
	This show is a mild step down from the recent ones but still pretty outstanding. There's a WRS > Chin Doll to end the first set; the second set actually starts with jam > Ship of Fools! Tonight's highlight is a Dark star, but it's quite restrained compared with a year ago and arrives a bit too late to start a decent sequence. A relativily average show in a killer month.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 7

26-06-74
	This show is noted as having a 30 minute Truckin' jam but it's fair to say the last 15 is an Other One, complete with bass intro but no vocals. They run out of time on the jamming as well - the encore is a decent Eyes! A first set WRS > Roses and a long, very good China Rider to start set 2 are also highlights. Could have flowed a bit better though, although not a single note is badly played.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 7

28-06-74
	It's all a bit humdrum in the first set. Then the first Sugar Mag > Scarlet Begonias kicks off the real fun. Then THAT jam comes out of WRS. Even the band seem a little stunned, there's a decent pause after it. A blaze of uptempo rockers bring a great resolution. It's not a great first set, but a stunning second one.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 9

30-06-74
	This is a really decent show, even though there's a slight energy dip right at the end of the show. Long Playin' > UJB sandwich to end first set, great China > Rider to open the second, and a great run of Truckin' > Eyes > Stella. I couldn't work out the song 10 mins after Truckin' started. Something a little different about the GDTRFB as well.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 8

19-07-74
	Long, decent Playin' in first set again. He's Gone in second set may be one of the best I've heard, and it's not even part of the main jam.

21-07-74
	AUD only for a change!

25-07-74
	Killer show. There's an unusual jam at the end of a great first set (WRS > Around). An "every song in a weird position" start to the second set, and then a short sweet Dark Star that melts into a slipknot jam. The final 4 songs rock out with a great energy as well. It could do with a more exploratory highlight, but we are chasing perfection here.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 7

27-07-74
	Prety weird show where they don't play any real jams after the first set! Then again, perhaps the crazy (and long!) Playin' meltdown was enough for them that night. It just never lets up. It's a good show even with the jam missing - how could it not be given the era?
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 7 Highlight: 7

29-07-74
	I ended up listening to this one three times. Not a single meltdown but quality oozes from start to finish, although they are somewhat stuck in 10 minute song territory for a while. Like the previous show to some extent, the jam of the night comes in the first set, this time a long WRS.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 7

31-07-74
	Show really gets started with the "Must Have Been The Roses", a real peppy version. Considering this show has no Playin', Star or Other One it keeps getting jammy, from the Eyes to the WRS to the surprisingly long jam out of Truckin' which goes all over the map. Even the post highlight songs are well done.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 7

04-08-74
	The setlists this era are like a fine wine. This is good, from Scarlet it is excellent. Loser is on a par with 77 versions, and the quality starts to peak in the fantastic Playin'. Killer second set with great setlist, great WRS jam and energy to the end. What a show!
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 8

05-08-74
	Truckin' 31:04 ?!?. There's also a Scarlet and He's Gone to fill in the 30 minutes before! You know it's going to be good as the opening Promised Land has no sound mixing issues.. amazing and maybe unique for the era. It's all great, and of course that Truckin' contains the best jam out of Truckin' ever.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 8

06-08-74
	The last US show before the retirement shows. Is this the most insane first set ever? It contains an Eyes over 19 minutes, and ends with a Playin' > Scarlet > Playin' sandwich stretching over 35 minutes, and 8 other songs! The jam in the second set is a little short but still a total firecracker.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 8

09-09-74
	Nice start leads to a fluent and relaxed Playin' that reminds me a little of later years in it's approach. It's the highlight of the show. Good jam from Truckin' onwards but it doesn't really go anywhere special, it's just all well played, a band full of confidence but not really stretching things out.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 7

10-09-74
	What a crazy show. The setlist is all over the place. There's a stand-alone 16 minute NFA about 3 songs into the second set! Great Dark Star > Dew does what it's supposed to. Unfortunately the board craps out a bit in Sunshine Daydream but it's rock solid except for that minor blip.
	Ratings: Audio: 6 Show: 8 Highlight: 8

11-09-74
	What a crazy jam out of Seastones. It even dips back into space after nearly 20 minutes of Eyes. Sounds slightly tired at times. Perhaps tired is not the right work, but it is very laid back. Strange show is once again all over the place in terms of setlist and structure.
	Ratings: Audio: 6 Show: 8 Highlight: 7

14-09-74
	This, like the last show, sounds almost a bit tired at times, however there is some great jamming in there, it's just stuck in a narrow energy range. I'd have to give the edge to the London shows overall though. This Europe tour so far is really different, a kind of maximal GD if you will.
	Ratings: Audio: 6 Show: 7 Highlight: 7

18-09-74
	Another weird setlist choice with plenty of jamming but nothing that really goes way out there, although they seem in the mood. Highlight is the Truckin' jam, despite the challenge of an Eyes > China and a longish Playin'. Jazzy fusion 74 throughout, there just something about it that doesn't gel as well as it could.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 7

20-09-74
	Weird show with a sort of off-kilter Truckin' > Eyes jam that looks light on paper but goes to all the right places in pretty fast order (the Truckin' meltdown is particularly quick). Sounds a bit like a band in a rush but is mellow throughout and lacks some energy in the ending rockers. The rumours suggest this might be a china white show.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 7

21-09-74
	Second night in Paris has some mix issues, in particular Weir is very down in the mix. The jamming is quite open but too laid back, and the setlist is all over the place. Can't say this is a good show, despite all the ingredients being there.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 7 Highlight: 6

16-10-74
	This show has almost too much jamming. There's almost 70 minutes between the start of Playin' and the start of Whart Rat (a set break in-between, but still..!). What follows is a bit more tame but overall it's still a wild ride. The jamming is not as out there as it could be, despite all that. A strong show but too unbalanced in the second set. The first set is killer though, one of the best.
	Ratings: Audio: 7 Show: 8 Highlight: 7

17-10-74
	Promised has possibly the loudest "sound mishap" ever.

18-10-74
19-10-74
20-10-74
