
77 - 78 Reviews
===============

Scored from Setlist: 0 Energy: 0 Jamming: 0 Playing: 0


1977 shows
----------

26-02-77
	First Terrapin is a little fast and kept simple, but it's a good one with no mistakes. The Betty board is really good sound quality. Quite a different tone from a year before. Estimated is competent but not that exciting in it's inital trial. Sugaree is really when things settle down a bit. Nice breakdown in the Playin' at 8 minutes in. Very relaxed end to the set. Second set is very much one of 2 halves. A very nice Help > Slip > Franklins composes most of the first half; a weirdly placed Promised splits the 2 parts and we end with Eyes > Dancin' > Around. The overall feeling is of control, I'd say like a tightly directed 76 show. The first set has the better jam, a more interesting setlist and possibly the better songs. Never felt the band were really pushing it at any time. Starts to run out of steam near the end of the show.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 5 Jamming: 7 Playing: 7
	SBD + AUD

27-02-77
	Starts with Loser, very unusual. Only avaliable source for much of the show is an AUD, but actually it's not bad for the era. First set has no obvious highlights and is a mostly fairly tame. The Music Never at the end kind dribbles to a close. Start of set 2 suffers from a similar fate; it's a bit flat, and the audience tape with it's limited dynamic range doesn't help. Second Terrapin is a little more relaxed than the previous night, still sounds like they are having to think about a lot though. Instant clarity as the SBD hits in at the end of Terrapin.
	Setlist: 5 Energy: 4 Jamming: 4 Playing: 6
	AUD for everything until Morning Dew, afterwards AUD + SBD


18-03-77
	Decent energy in the opening Promised Land, despite Bobby screwing up the start. Half Step has a ton of fluffed lyrics. Sugaree is laid back and decent. First Fire (and first Scarlet Fire) is a little low on energy but they get the basics. Estimated and Terrapin in the 2nd set now. The former is smooth but lacks any real excitement 0 they are still learning; the latter contains "At A Siding" but the band play it 100% straight befoer a slide into a very short drums. Sounds like a slightly different band after drums (perhaps all the stress of new songs has gone?) a long, decent NFA flows effortlessly into a St Stephen. Rocking end to the show is the highlight, despite all the new stuff earlier, and contains most of the high energy stuff.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 6 Jamming: 6 Playing: 6
	AUD + SBD, a few cuts and missing first song for SBD.

19-03-77
	Fantatic set list - set 1 ends Estimated / Terrapin > PITB > Samson > PITB, lasting 50 minutes! The Estimated and Terrapin still sound like they are carefully learning. Neither have had any errors so far, but they've also been quite restrained. The Playin' is a good jam that goes a few places. Eyes kicks off the 2nd set, and some pace as well. It's only 60 minutes long but has a great sequence and except for Eyes being a little fast every song is well played. Bonus marks for the smooth transitions in the last few songs. Good rocking (but quite contained) ending and the UJB encore was pretty nice as well; I do wonder why the second set was only an hour though.
	Setlist: 9 Energy: 6 Jamming: 7 Playing: 7
	AUD + SBD


20-03-77
	Another first set with a bunch of jamming numbers (Estimated, Scarlet) at end of first set. Coupled with the Terrapin encore, it makes the setlist look a little uneven. Still, most of the first set is more normal stuff, although I'm not sure Deal should ever be in the middle of a set. Nothing really pops for me until Scarlet hits at the end of set 1 and the song portion suddenly has a load of energy. Crikes - even the following jam keeps it up! 2nd set starts well but the 14 min Row Jimmy (and long breaks between tunes) is a tap on the brakes. Even the 15m Other One spends half of it's time in noodly space. It sounds very like '76 to me. End of each set has the best stuff; however, this is the weakest 77 show so far, despite great SQ.
	Setlist: 5 Energy: 4 Jamming: 5 Playing: 4
	AUD + SBD

22-04-77
	You know it should be a good show when it starts with a dodgy Promised Land in terrible sound quality! Jerry muffs the vocals on Half-Step which leads to a great middle solo. Really well crafted first set, pretty much every song is a decent one with a stand-out Playin' to end. Best first set so far? Unsurprisingly the second set can't quite compete. Second ever Scarlet Fire doesn't flow as smoothly as it eventually will. Long gaps between songs and a slow Must Have Been The Roses kill the energy somewhat, and from this song onwards the show is a lot less interesting. Sure, there's a split Dancin' with a Mojo Workin' in the middle but played out it's not as good as it looks on paper. No encore - they close the 2nd set with a Terrapin. Keith has a Moog keyboard for this show but he sounds slightly out of tune during the Terrapin. Keep this show for the the 1st set.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 5 Jamming: 7 Playing: 6
	AUD + SBD, Promised Land is AUD only

23-04-77
	Setlist looks a little weak to me, but on with the show! Another good first set. One thing about this year so far - no duff songs. Even if the setlist doesn't excite (like this one) it doesn't mean I'm not enjoying the music. Energy is great in Scarlet at end of first set, leading to a mellow jam that peaks in the best Fire so far. Good end to the set - Jerry speaks as well! Like the previous night, the second set that follows is not as good as the first, which is true for most of these shows so far. It's not like they are bad, just lacking a good journey for the majority of the set. Here the Help > Slip is about 23 minutes, similar in length to the jam the previous night, and then we end with a bunch of rockers. Nothing to dislike, but I'm still waiting for a really decent decond set to appear
	Setlist: 4 Energy: 6 Jamming: 4 Playing: 6
	AUD + SBD 

25-04-77
	This looks great on paper! It's a pity that the SQ isn't up to the quality of recent shows. Despite another Estimated, there are no real jams to be found in the first set. Most of the songs washed over me to be honest - although I think the lack of top end on the tape doesn't help. Second set and the quality dips significantly. Possibly the best overall Scarlet > Fire so far this year. The first Terrapin > Playin' pairing sees the band sounding very confident (although the volume drop at 6:35 in Terrapin is weird). The patch source for this SBD is terrible. It's a pity that all sources are sub-par since this might be the best second set of the year. Wharf Rat in particular is really good, the outro jam is possibly best ever for the song - and it fades out! Overall a great show ruined by a terrible source.
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 5 Jamming: 7 Playing: 7
	AUD + SBD. SBD is not as good as contemporary shows. There's also a cut in Peggy-O and a big drop in SQ for set 2. SBD released on vinyl only.

26-04-77
	Worst source of the tour so far. This sounds like a decent show but due to the tape all the dynamics are lost, can barely hear Phil or Bobby and the audience noises make it hard to rate the true energy of this performance. This is especially true of the quieter passages. Let's talk positives though. Like the rest of the year, there are no fluffs, miscues or dodgy notes to annoy the listener. And we already mentioned how all the songs are good. There are still some pacing issues though - why, for example, is there a Samson in the middle of set 2 for this show? Overall, rating this show is very hard without a decent source, it seemed a decent enough show though. Can't say anything particularly stood out though.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 6 Jamming: 5 Playing: 6
	AUD + VIDEO. Video is a much better source but only supplies 80% of the second set. AUD lacks Bob and Phil.

27-04-77
	Not sure what to make of this setlist, it's like 2 mini second sets I suppose. Again a Samson where you might have drums in future years. The tape quality for the FM is generally "not bad", except for massive audience bleed at the very start and end of songs. It's another decent quality first set although any jamming has shifted to the second set at this point in time - even Estimated finally moved! Nice Scarlet > Fire, although similar to previous. The clear highlight of the show though is the Terrapin > Dew. The Dew is the first of the year and leads to a rampant, fanning peak that hits all the right spots. If only the whole show was of this quality! Final note: audience bleed is rougher than you might think.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 6 Jamming: 5 Playing: 7
	SBD + AUD + FM.

29-04-77
	We only have the Moore audience unfortunatly. So I entered with some trepidation but then the show opens with a hot Help > Slip > Frank that doesn't let up for 30+ minutes. Overall the SQ is reasonable, especially considering the timeframe. A thanks to the late Mr Moore, who could have simply just enjoyed the show - because this is not a bad one. It's major failing is the setlist, which has all the right ingredients but in a very strange order. But including the opener, Music Never Stopped, Sugaree and the Scarlet > GDTRFB are all worth hearing. The Around & Around contains a second double-time section which I believe is unique. Would be a great SBD release, but hard to really reccomend based on the current audio.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 5 Jamming: 6 Playing: 7
	AUD only, though it's thought a board exists in the vaults

30-04-77
	Another Moore audience. did the guy ever get a night off? This time there is a SBD avaliable but not easily obtained as Download Series #1. Setlist looks inviting. However this first set has no real spark to me. It's well played and nothing stands out as bad but likewise nothing really popped out for me. Half-Step attempts to stretch out but mainly this is composed of short numbers. The second set seems to continue this vibe. The only long jam we get is inthe NFA but this descends into a minimal groove with Jerry noodling over the top - sounds too much like autopilot to me. The transition jam out of Stella Blue afterwards is a thing of beauty though, easily the best thing all night, the change into St. Stephen just sounds like every note is unbalanced and about to fail (Bobby even puts in a 1-2-3-4 which everyone seems to ignore). Nice Terrapin encore to end but they still don't know how to jam the song properly.
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 5 Jamming: 3 Playing: 6
	AUD, SBD avaliable as Download Series 1

01-05-77
	The setlist is pretty strange (i.e., good) here, although it must be said the show is a bit short. The AUD starts with a Might As Well, even if it's a slighty messy start. I'll admit straight away that this is the worst audio source so far for the year, making the first set very hard to rate. The second set has a very good flow but is a bit low on energy for the most part, although well played throughout. As usual in this mood, the slow Jerry numbers are the highlight, and so it proves true here, with a great Comes A Time > Playin' Reprise. The first half of the second set can't hit the highpoints of the ending. Although this show lacks a bit of spark, it's the first to put a decent journey in the second set.
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 5 Jamming: 5 Playing: 7
	Whole show as AUD only (2 copies, both quite rough). Second set also as SBD.

03-05-77
	The AUD is decent for '77. Long decent first set has few surprises but ends with a great Music Never Stopped. There's one or bum notes which is unusual for the time period. Unfortunatly, at least for nmy tastes, the AUD tape lacks a touch of dynamic range and the finer points are somewhat obscured. First set vibes continue into the first half of the second set (it has to said the 1st/2nd set dynamic of later years has not fully gelled by this point). This show really has a problem with obtaining steam, in some ways it reminds me of the occasional 74 show where the build-up took so long the band were out of time at the end. It's the same here, as soon as we enter serious territory, we are practically at the end. Combined with the AUD source, this is probably one to avoid.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 5 Jamming: 4 Playing: 5
	AUD, first set is available as SBD.

04-05-77
	Great setlist, although it looks like most of the fun sits in the second set. First set I would say is pretty average. Again there is nothing really wrong with the set, but it takes some time to get going and the ending Dancin' is likely the best tune overall. Scarlet > Fire and Terrapin are again decent but I still feel they haven't quite worked out the tunes fully as a band. Unlike some recent shows the second set is much better structured and the main occurs at the end of the show - a very solid Playin' > Comes A Time > Playin'. The opening is very subdued and winds along in a relaxed, dreamy way for the most part. Thie mood particularly suits the Comes A Time. A great way to end the show.
	Setlist: 9 Energy: 4 Jamming: 6 Playing: 6
	AUD, SBD. SBD improves in set 2.

05-05-77
	As seems normal for the year so far, first set is longer than set 2, and set 2 is seemingly split into 2 parts. No real stand-out tunes in the first set, although it's all played very well. The second set though - it's not 2 parts, it's more like 3. A bit before the Scarlet > Fire, a bit afterwards and of course the Scarlet Fire itself. Still not a lot of variation in the latter. There's an Estimated that's a little longer than previous versions. Highlight of the show is maybe the St. Stephen > Sugar Mags. The sad truth is the show is a bit like those 71 shows that never seem to go anywhere as a show, even when the elements are so well-played!
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 6 Jamming: 4 Playing: 6
	AUD, SBD

07-05-77
	Finally a sensible second set - but let's start as usual with the first set; this one is particularly good, especially the Half-Step > Big River combo. Barely a note out of place throughout. Once again in the second set there aer some pacing issues. We open strong with Terrapin, but then Samson and FOTD after, which somewhat upsets the flow. Once we hit Estimated there's a proper run to the end, the highlight being the post drums Wheel > Wharf Rat. Show ends on a high as Around & Around (slightly unusual ending) and US Blues are both belted out. Pretty decent thoughout excepting the start of set 2.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 7 Jamming: 5 Playing: 7

08-05-77
	Buckle up, it's the Dead's most famous show. Let's do the best bits first. There's not a single bad song in this show, although I don't think there are any best versions either, with possibly one exception, which we'll come to later. The first set is as expected (and like the rest of the year thus far), in that it's all very well done, practically note perfect. Whether that's good GD is a debate for another time. The second set is essentially 3 fairly stand-alone jams, each better than the last (ignoring the Estimated, which is much the same as contemporary versions). The Morning Dew to end though, that's a killer version and the highlight of the show.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 7 Jamming: 6 Playing: 8

09-05-77
	This looks like a fantastic set-list, and surely it's hard to argue with a show that starts with a Help > Slip? As usual, it is hard to critique; Jerry fluffs one single chord at 2:52 in Big River but that's all I heard. One could say that the band dynamic is a little too consistent - professional, even. Second set is well done and has a great structure, peaking with the Comes A Time. Overall in fact I'd say this set is better than the previous nights, although it's highlights can't really match that Dew. Good show.
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 7 Jamming: 7 Playing: 7


11/5/77
	Not a lot to say about the first set, it's the same as the last 10 or so, very well done almost everywhere except lacking individuality in the songs. The onyl real song to not fit in yet is Deal, which took forever to mature. Sugaree at the end though is well worth checking out. Although stil in it's infancy, this was likely the best Estimated so far. It's a song still waiting for the band to work out what to do with it. Terrific jam out of Uncle Johns Band into space, leading into what is practically a Jerry solo transition jam into Wharf Rat. Good run to the end as well.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 6 Jamming: 7 Playing: 8

12/5/77
	Only AUD on archive, although a SBD does exist - try to find.
	Setlist: 0 Energy: 0 Jamming: 0 Playing: 0

13/5/77
	Set 2 looks like a smoker on paper, but let's savour the first set before that. Unusual order in that there's a MNS to start and a Scarlet > Begonias but this might be the best first set since the monsters at the start of the year, even though it has a totally different, very relaxed, vibe. Highly reccomended. The second set is decent, but is tarnished with inferior audio. It dips first in drums (which are cut) and gets worse - much worse - in GDTRFB. This is unfortunate, because there is a very decent spacey jam in the Other One (which features another short solo Jerry jam) that is unusual for the period. Decent Stella Blue as well.
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 6 Jamming: 8 Playing: 8

15/5/77
	First Passenger and Iko add some interest to tonights show. Second set looks messy and the longest jam is likely in the first set with the ending Dancing. In fact my hot take is that the best of the show is in the end of the first set and the start of the second, a decent Dancin' for the and a nice Estimated > Eyes for the latter. The Samson > Ship pairing simply slices the set in half, and then we get a fairly standard set of rockers to end (wit added Iko Iko). The only time the band goes really off the beaten track is the last 30 seconds of NFA, and that gets cut short pretty quick. Uncle John's isthe encore again, and to be honest this is a song better used in the main set. Decent energy though - it just needs a better structure.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 8 Jamming: 6 Playing: 6

17/5/77
	Shockingly good first set has fantastic groove and too many highlights to mention (but check half-step and LLR). Second set continues the great run and has a decent jam starting with Terrapin (although it could do with a touch more energy at times). Overall this is a really decent show. It sort of lacks any one, obvious killer moment and is instead pretty much note perfect from the start to the end, which is certainly rare amongst Dead shows! Overall the 1st set is better of the 2, but this is for sure a show you will want in your collection.
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 6 Jamming: 6 Playing: 8
	SBD (except for encore), AUD

18/5/77
	Again the first set is a perfectly played but lacks a bit of spark. I suppose what I am looking for is the unknown, the unusual. Anyone who went to the show wouldn't be complaining. The same is definitly not true of the second set, which might be the best put together for some time. It's certainly a decent sequence. Eyes, really decent Other One and Stella Blue form a great run, and the energy is there when required, and dialled back when they need to. Really good overall show.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 7 Jamming: 8 Playing: 8

19/5/77
	Once the opening Promised Land has been dispensed of we jump straight to it with a mammoth version of Sugaree. Certainly the best of the year so far. The first continues in a great vein, some stage banter - it's top notch all the way, and they close with a near 20 minute Dancin'. These sets are better then earlier in the month. Once again the second set has a more obvious structure, and we can really see a transition away from 76. It's a little jarring to see most songs on the second set being nearly 10 minutes, but it's good sequence. Energy levels drop a bit after drums, but the first China Doll since '74 is a decent version.
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 7 Jamming: 7 Playing: 7

21/5/77
	Well this *is* a killer show. The first set is great - practically every songs shines and only the newness of Passenger and the slowness of Row Jimmy give rise to the mildest of complaints. What follows has to be the best setlist of the May shows so far, and it's helped by essentially being a 1 hour plus focused jam. You even get to listen to the band putting it all together after BE Woman. Although drums in the middle of the second set is almost ubiquitous from 79 onwards, it does make for better sequences in this period. Encore is US Blues, usually (and this is no exception) a rager in the encore slots.
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 8 Jamming: 7 Playing: 8

22/5/77
	I was a bit torn by the setlist, it looks like an amazing run and then I see that Terrapin is only 5 minutes long as they skip the entire Lady With A Fan part, the only ever time this was done. On the other hand - look at that setlist! It contains most of the greats of the time, and a great run at the end as well. First set, as always now, excellent. with a great Music / Sugaree to kick off with. There's a touch of Cornell here as both shows end with pretty epic Dews. This version is of a similar vein but overall this how is better. It might even be the best of 77 so far - overall this one is a real peach (even that Terrapin wasn't too bad!)
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 7 Jamming: 8 Playing: 9

25/5/77
	Another decent set-list; these have definitly got better over the tour. This is laid-back show compared to recent ones, however it has a pretty sublime Other One based suite of songs in the second set that is very different. It's definitly a slightly different mood tonight and you can feel the band lay back a bit. No complaints though, as has been the case for most of the year, there are no mistakes, Jerry's voice is great and the whole ensemble are playing like clockwork. Perhaps that last point is my only realy complaint, this is maybe a touch too smooth for the band, and a atouch more chaos would maybe suit this otherwise relaxing show.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 5 Jamming: 7 Playing: 8

26/5/77
	Another good first set, although not to the heights of recent shows (although they certainly do try - this would be killer in some other periods). It's best parts are the beginning and end, although the suggest it lacks a little in the middle might be to question the meaning of the word "lags". Second set is a different story - the band seemingly try to "go big": open Samson rages, High Time is excellent and even the Big River runs riot. The final journey starts a little timid with Terrapin > Estimated (neither of which have reached epic status yet), but there is a great Eyes > NFA one-two that really rocks out until calming down 10 minutes into the latter. Ending Aroundx2 a bit chaotic!
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 7 Jamming: 8 Playing: 7

28/5/77
	A mighty looking Playin' sandwich is the first response on looking at the setlist. After listening to the show though. I feel it under-delivers. Despite it's length, the first set Sugaree (often a first set highlight for this tour) fails to really spark, and the main second set jaunt does suffer from that "10 minutes and move on" vibe. Of course, none of it sounds bad at all and I wouldn't even say the energy levels suffered but there is certainly an air of "last day on tour" vibe that let's this show down a little bit. Best part of the show might be the Estimated, maybe the longest so far and an aie 
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 7 Jamming: 6 Playing: 6


4/6/77
	Setlist: 0 Energy: 0 Jamming: 0 Playing: 0
	AUD only

7/6/77
	This show seemed to lack a bit in the first set - nothing I could quantify though, I'm afraid. The second set appears to have 2 jammy segments but they seem low energy and didn't particularly stand out for me. Not sure why Samson is in the middle of the set - it breaks the flow somewhat. However tHe Dew at the end - like every one in this period? - is a monster of riffage, probably equal to the Cornell one. Add the double encore - fairly long and decent - and it feels like a good show that took far too long to get into it's stride. 
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 7 Jamming: 6 Playing: 7

8/6/77
	Another perfunctory first set, honestly the batting average is so high on these that I rarely feel the need to comment, although at this point almost all the jamming is tripped out except for those super-long Sugarees. This one is almost touching 20 minutes. The second set is another tour-de-force, with Jerry just laying down on the guitar for almost a solid 90 minutes. The flow is great, the song selection is solid and nary a single note is out of place. Perhaps it's a little too unrelentless, the brief pause for drums works well and Garcia seems to want to pummel the listener with notes for the final hour or so.
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 8 Jamming: 7 Playing: 7

9/6/77
	On paper it looks like the best combined sets of the year. Once again with the first set, it's great, what more is there to say? Except this one, maybe it's a tad more imperfect than some recent ones, which paradoxically might make it better. Once the 2nd set settles down, we have a truly fantastic Slipknot, with some length as well. And then... holy smokes, if last night was pedal to the metal, this adds a dash of Nitrous to really max the revs. After Estimated everything is pretty much full on, not a single ballad to ease up and ends with a double rocker ending, and that's after a Terrapin > Sugar Mags to close.
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 8 Jamming: 7 Playing: 8

3/9/77
	Setlist looks fine, except for that Samson in the middle of the 2nd set. Why were they doing this in 77? First is a bit more up and down than the start of the year - most songs are average but then the Half-Step is crushingly good (some say the best). It's full of energy though. Second set starts strong but has some weirdness - the backing vocals are slightly out and there's a few tiny slipups/ Nothing terrible but noticable against earlier perfection. After a hectic (too long, really) NFA, Bobby starts the unfortunate whistle intro to Truckin'. Overall this show is pretty fun but at times is seems like rushed energy - there's almost no jamming here. Sounds like a great party though!
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 8 Jamming: 5 Playing: 7

28/9/77
	A slightly messy show lacking in energy. A good chunk of the first set is missing, what is left does not inspire that much, although the closing Music Never Stopped isn't too bad. Again it's not that the band are playing wrong notes, it's just their touch has eluded them. It gets worse in the second set. There's no real exploration, they almost give up at the end of Eyes and Wharf Rat drifts dangerously close to trainwreck territory in the 3/4 part. A couple of rockers to end should ge the pulses going but this is a bit too perfunctory for my tastes.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 5 Jamming: 5 Playing: 6
	SBD only: Missing first 5 songs in 1st set

29/9/77
	This is a weird show since the mixes all seem to be in mono, with no Keith and no Billy. Starts off slow, picks up in Sugaree and lifts off in Let It Grow. Crikes, a 17 minute Franklin's to end the set, doesn't really go anywhere and Jerry sounds out of it. Most of the show is fairly low energy and lacking in excitement, to be honest this is likely the worst show of the year so far. The sound issies really don't help, but the energy levels are a bigger part, and Jerry seems off in some ways - check the end of Truckin' for, not really a trainwreck, but a definite mis-match with what Jerry and the rest of the band are doing. Bonus fact: Jerry thought this was a great show!
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 5 Jamming: 5 Playing: 5
	SBD

1/10/77
	This is a solid improvement from the previous 2 shows at the same venue (obviously Jerry is not to be trusted!). It's not a surprising show in particular, just a good example of the very decent playing of the era. First set is what you expect, with the prize being the fairly raging Music Never Stopped. The second set has a very decent run, albeit the songs are all about the same length. Although in the Dancin', that might be a good thing, as it's a tight version, although maybe the drumming couold do with loosening up a bit. Overall a good show.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 6 Jamming: 6 Playing: 7

2/10/77
	A great setlist this one. I'm not as convinced as other reviewers about the quality of the show. It's certainly a decent one, helped by the Let It Grow near the end of the 1st set. The Playin', although too short, was quite sweet, however the highlight of the 2nd set is proabably the pretty muscular Truckin' that monstered out of The Wheel. However, other parts felt a little lackluster; Fire was a bit boring if anything and Other One > Wharf Rat was both too short and lacking in anything special. Not as hot as advertised, although still above average, even for the era. Probably this is the best of the last 4 shows.
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 6 Jamming: 7 Playing: 7

6/10/77
	The tapes from this show are wrong - investigate this mystery
	Setlist: 0 Energy: 0 Jamming: 0 Playing: 0

7/10/77
	Only the second set is avaliable. It's a fairly modern looking setlist. Terrapin wanders around quite a lot early on, as if Jerry is lost (he doesn't even solo the first time around). This lack of focus extends past drums, and it feels the show only kicks into gear during the last few songs - the Wharf Rat > Sugar Mags combo is pretty nice but it's somewhat hard to tell if this is only because we're measuring against what came before.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 6 Jamming: 6 Playing: 5

9/10/77
	Decent setlist and finally a complete show for a change. Garcia's tone is improved as well, as Wolf comes back into the mix. The highlight of the show is clearly Sugaree / Music Never, the band never seem to recover from this great first set ender. Whilst the energy level is up there, something seems a little off for the rest of the show. The setlist is also pretty strange, a very long pre-drums with Terrapin coming out of the interval. Hard to say anything really negative about the show, except it seemed largely anonymous.
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 7 Jamming: 6 Playing: 6

11/10/77
	Best first set for a long time. Starts and ends with 2 good jams; Help > Slipknot at the beginning and a raging Let It Grow to end. Possibly the best Estimated so far as Garcia twists the ending into a great Eyes. Overall a pretty decent show. It has some great highlights, probably more in the first set to be honest. The post-drums section lacks a bit of fizz compared with what came before - check the Around & Around which has a fairly dissapointing double time section. Decent show though.
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 7 Jamming: 7 Playing: 7

12/10/77
	Another decent first set, yet again nothing really stood out. Passenger and Deal still have some evolving to do - Passenger is still too short and Jerry hasn't really worked out how to rage with it yet. Second set is quite good, highlight being the Black Peter > Truckin' > Nobody's Fault. The Truckin's since they came back have been getting better and better (and also missing Weir's whistle!), however the Iko Iko it emerges into more or less dies on it's feet - maybe the weakest song of the year so far?
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 6 Jamming: 6 Playing: 6

14/10/77
	Another slighty anonymous first set, again all played well. Maybe the highlight is Half-Step, but it's all good stuff. The second set is a belter. Hearing Bobby talking about Jerry's addiction to nicotine reminds me that I've been listening to this tape for over 35 years. It was killer then, and it's still killer now. From the start of the Playin' to the end of the show, a slight drop in energy during the Around & Around double time section in the only nitpick I could really find. On of the better shows of 77.
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 7 Jamming: 8 Playing: 7

15/10/77
	Slighty rough SBD - sounds like a lot of noise reduction. You get used to it after a while (actually sounds like the tapes I had years ago). This is a good show, but really hits the groove hard sometime during the Terrapin. No Terrapin so far has had an adventure and it's the same here but everything clicks. The St Stephen that follows is easily the best so far of the year (and rivals 22-1-78). Rest of show is split into 10 minute tracks but they are all good. Bonus points for the encore, an absolutly blazing Truckin' > Sat Night that blows the doors off. The transition between the 2 is really well done.
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 8 Jamming: 6 Playing: 8

16/10/77
	No real comments for the first set, as I've noted before they are all good but in the main lack any surprises or major jamming. I'd go so far as to say these shows are almost the opposite of the start of the year, that featured some crazy first sets - the last few shows (including this one) are definitly peaking at the end of the show. This is a good time to peak but I'd like a bit of that action near the start of the show as well. The Estimated here is the first to really disolve the jam into space - it's excellent. Another highlight is the Black Peter end and transition. This show needed a good jam though, most songs are on the short side.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 7 Jamming: 7 Playing: 7

28/10/77
	Setlist looks reasonable but I'm not a big fan of He's Gone, so a 20 minute pre-drums version doesn't really hit me the right way. However there is definitly something in the air as Not Fade Away - of all songs - descends into real space, complete with volume swells. Rest of show, including the obligatory great first set, is pretty good as well. Excellent screw-up and recovery from Weir at the start of the the encore. 
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 7 Jamming: 8 Playing: 7

29/10/77
	Very solid. From the comments on archive.org, this is a possible contender for "show of the year". How does it stack up? Yet another solid first set continues the trend. These first sets, depsite being really solid, do sometimes lack a killer highlight, although this is a minor complaint. Eyes breakdown into space and follow-up St. Stephen is the clear highlight here. Both are really well done, though the Eye's breakdown is a clear break from the Eyes, less than a continuous jam. Very good show, fails to launch into true greatness as the rest of set 2 is a bit more normal for the era.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 7 Jamming: 8 Playing: 7

30/10/77
	These first sets are so similar in tone they are practically anonymous, althought I'm sure in isolation they sound great. There's a definite lack of something though, perhaps raucous energy or a bit of cosmic mystery. Here again, like almost every show from May onwards, the focus is on set 2. Mainly because, in this case, there's a great journey although it tapers off a little. Playin' > Other One > Drums is solid from start to finish. Unfortunatly the energy and exploration are reduced afterwards. Despite a JB Goode encore, the energy level is definitly down, although it's not particularly a bad version.
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 6 Jamming: 7 Playing: 7

1/11/77
	Mainly as expected for the first set. This one starts a little low energy but rises to a moderate simmer by the time Music Never Stopped is done. Second set opens with a solid Terrapin. There's no real jams or exploration on any Terrapin so far, so largely it comes down to how well the song is played. Similar feels for the Estimated that follows. Good little journey, unlike the previous night this one definitly ends on a much higher energy level, although Truckin' definitly seems to be in a solid post-drums role now.
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 7 Jamming: 7 Playing: 8

2/11/77
	This first set has a bit more pep - the Uncle > River is great! Meat of the show starts when Scarlet > Fire kicks off - this is a good version. The longest so far version of Estimated follows (some 10:49), and it's also the best so far, with a wonderful meandering jazzy solo. Raging end to the set. Although St Stephen never quite hits the ceiling of heaven as it could do in this period, there is a monster Truckin' with some seriously heavy riffage. Around & Around tries hard to compete but can't reach the target. Overall, the second set is a bit short, which is probably why we get a Terrapin encore. This show gets kudos for being a bit more chaotic, however it fails to reach the top step sometimes.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 8 Jamming: 7 Playing: 7

4/11/77
	Lacks raw energy but has to be one of the sequences of the year - from the moment The first notes of Playin' are laid down, near flawless to the end. Some pointers to the future with Iko Iko (not great, but a decent version) and the first Eyes > Estimated (one could also say the 5 min Other One is also a nod to the future). Let's mention the first set as well, because not only is it again good, it finishes with a decent jam in Let It Grow. Overall, a very decent show indeed.
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 7 Jamming: 8 Playing: 8

5/11/77
	What a great show. It's quite different from the previous night in some ways, which is itself a change from earlier in the year. The first set might be the best yet. I couldn't point out a particular killer, it just mainly rocks from start to finish. Any second set that starts with Phil solo > Take a step back > Eyes can't be bad one. The energy is not quite as hot for most of this set (excepting the Sugar Mags) and the jam is not as well constructed as the previous night, but it's still well worth the journey!
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 8 Jamming: 7 Playing: 8

6/11/77
	Another solid first set, with both a great opener (Half-Step), a great closer (Music) and a bunch of weirdness as an added bonus (Step back, Candice & the Kid?!). Second set starts well but the following Scarlet > Fire is a bit of miss as Jerry starts out of tune and then leaves the following jam for a few minutes. However it picks up afterwards and actually the crescendo in the closing Truckin' is a real thing of beauty (one of 2 crushing Truckin's from this era). Not the hottest show of the period to end with, however for better or worse a small part of the smoothness of the start of the year has fallen off.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 7 Jamming: 7 Playing: 7

27/12/77
	Ripping opener of Bertha > Good Lovin' (all takes off when Jerry screws up a line in Bertha) extends to BE Women. Weird show as although it's all there, the fizz starts to slowly tail off throughout. The back end looks great but it seems to lack a little spark of something. Plenty of oppertunities to go places but they never push it to another place. Despite that we do still have the polish and shine present in all 77 shows. A minor issue for the show is that the aud source is particularly bad, although luckily it only cuts in a few times and for the encore.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 8 Jamming: 6 Playing: 7

29/12/77
	The comeback of China > Rider. What a setlist as well! Historical note: the first "close encounters" hint occurs just before Bertha! This is a nice show but maybe starts and wraps up a little too cleanly; the Playin' that starts is a little subdued and there's only a quick NFA post drums before hitting the Playin' reprise. As if to make up for this, we get a 2 song encore that opens with Terrapin. Return of China > Rider is worth it but the song selection itself doesn't quite work in this position.
	Setlist: 9 Energy: 7 Jamming: 7 Playing: 7

30/12/77
	Slightly shorter show as per usual on this date (2nd set is only just over an hour). Really quite hot, the first set is very well done, and as a bonus point it ends with Let It Grow. Set 2 feels like something is missing, it's that short. It doesn;t lack in quality though. The Estimated is another decent jammed version, likely top 5 of the year. The following Eyes looks long but is exists into a breakdown pretty quickly.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 7 Jamming: 7 Playing: 8

31/12/77
	Setlist looks pretty high energy. Even more so when you see an 18min Truckin' at the heart of the second set! Again a decent first set, and they've brought the energy as well. This mantains itself all the way up to said Truckin', where they slightly botch the ending jam, and then Jerry wanders off stage for 10 minutes and the excitement subsides. A bit of a late save in the NFA and then we finish with 3 rockers. If they'd done something with the Truckin' this would have been a great show. however it's too sloppy in the 2nd half.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 7 Jamming: 6 Playing: 7



1978 shows
----------

06-01-78
	Long commentary from Bob at start of show as Phil breaks a string, also manages to fit in a joke. Jerry's voice weak from the start. Nothing really grabbed in the 1st set. However there's a very nice floaty Playin' to start the 2nd. Really starts to break down around the 15 minute mark when Jerry drops out and a Keith + Bobby jam starts. Jerry re-appears and they begin a slow, powerful Estimated. Jam winds down to drums (2 songs and 35 minutes in). Decent Truckin' despite the singing being down a man - peaks on the second rise. Decent flow to the second set and I didn't really notice the lack of Jerry songs
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 8  Jamming: 8 Playing: 7


07-01-78
	A whole show of Bob tunes! Listened to at any single point in time it's no different, however the set lacks a decent slow ballad. Major length is given to the Dancin'; it's not bad but lacks a breakout section. Overall this is a high quality show but it seems the Dead are a bit listless at times and following to schedule of sorts (possibly true, as they have had a setlist). It's of case of the small details being all there but the big picture is somewhat missing. Maybe as you'd expect.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 7 Jamming: 7 Playing: 8


08-01-78
	This is like the previous night except we are treated to a much better deep dive. The Other One at this show must one of the longest post 74, and maybe one of the best. Helped also by a great Estimated on the way in (via drums). A rocking trio of songs to end with, all done well but without that certain something - probably because it was all laid out so well in that fantastic Other One. This show is unfortunatly pretty short, only just over an hour for the second set and less than an hour for the first.
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 7 Jamming: 9 Playing: 8

10-01-78
	First Passenger to really rage out for a bit - a really good version. In fact, this whole show rages like crazy. It rages, boils, and only briefly catches it's breath in the He's Gone that preceeds drums. Drums are definitily a solid feature of second sets now. Unfortunatly it rages a little too hard and some quieter more introspective passages would help this show a lot. But if you want a show for a high energy party this could be the one - it's overall a good show with no surprises and plenty of energy.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 8 Jamming: 7 Playing: 7

11-01-78
	What a great setlist! Combines the modern with the old. Excellent first set as expected. The Let It Grow to finish is great. Set 2 just continues the fun. A long Playin' is done really well and floats into drums. Is even has some space near the end. Ending is a bit quick and I felt a ballad somewhere in there would have been nice, but overall this is a good string show with a decent setlist. Passenger as an encore? That's a weird choice, for sure!
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 7 Jamming: 8 Playing: 7

13-01-78
	For the first time in quite a while, I might suggest the first set is slightly below average for the period. But enough of that. This tape contains the longest single-song jam sequence since 1974, since Dancin' > Drums > Jam stretches out to 33 and a half minutes, and the jam is about 2/3rds of that time. In truth it's not the best jam, but the surprise to me is that we go that deep in 78. The rest of the show is not that uptempo but it has a crushing energy. It's a strange show this one, at times the band really push the envelope ut at the same time seem to hold a lot back in reserve.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 7 Jamming: 9 Playing: 7

14-01-78
	Does this show have the last ever tiger jam? Let's not skip the first here though; it's more or less as expected, but for the excellent Let It Grow at the end. Bob toys with Blackbird at start of set 2. This is a short second set but well jammed: Estimated > Eyes > NFA is 45 minutes! There is indeed a tiger meltdown after the Eyes. This is mad jamming well beyond anything in 77. There's some fun after the main event but after a metdown like that I feel the show has proved it's point really.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 7 Jamming: 9 Playing: 8

15-01-78
	After a very hot 2 nights, the closing quartet here is an hour of Terrapin > Playin' > Wharf Rat > Sugar Mags, containing 27 minutes of Playin'!! The downside is that the sound quality on this one is definitly sub-par, as the whole second set is an AUD and the first set isn't the greatest SBD. However, Bertha > Good Lovin' comes out storing and the MNS is damn hot. The second set is again decent. Playin' is a more spacy than blazing meltdown, but that's an observation not a complaint. Loses a bit of energy in the last half.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 7 Jamming: 8 Playing: 7

17-01-78
	Jerry's voice still sounding a little fragile. The first set needs a little something, maybe a bit more pep as there are a few too many slow numbers for me. Like recent shows, this has another very decent jam; Estimated -> He's Gone -> Other One is almost an hour. One of the best Other Ones since retirement, maybe. A series of decent 10 minute songs follows. Sound quality dips into decent audience near the end, which begins to rage in Truckin'. Very decent Around & Around where the double-time intro is pretty much perfect.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 7 Jamming: 8 Playing: 8

18-01-78
	Tremendous setlist - looks like an amazing jam in the second set with a Passenger in the middle! The first set plays out largely as expected. The second set starts well but at some point in the Playin jam the source keeps cutting between AUD and SBD and it gets very distracting, since it seems to chop and change every 30 seconds or so. Passenger is also butchered like this but hold on, this is likely the only ever version to descend into space. Great ending to the show as well, Sugar Mags had me bouncing like a loon.
	Setlist: 9 Energy: 7 Jamming: 8 Playing: 8

22-01-78
	A famous show, and quite rightly, the peak of this intense tour. Regarding the tour, I would suggest it's the best tour post '74. The first set... well, it's the first set and they're consistently good around this time; this one starts a little average but by the MNS we are in full flight. Samson is the first inisght as to what will follow. Terrapin is very good; Other One is excellent and quite long for the era. The jam into and succeeding St Stephen is a precious thing of beauty, a top 5 GD moment for sure.
	Setlist: 9 Energy: 8 Jamming: 8 Playing: 9

30-01-78
	Compared to the previous show, this is a lot more calm (how could it not be?). Nothing wrong, nothing outstanding in the first set. There's a Jerry tripleheader in the 2nd set, the best part of which contains the 2nd set highlight Eyes > Stella. Franklins that follows is decent but fails to quite catch fire. In the end, there's nothing special about this show in particular, it's just a well done early 78. You'll enjoy it but it suffers in comparison to the previous show.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 7 Jamming: 8 Playing: 7

31-01-78
	Slightly messed up Passenger. The aud splice on this SBD is not great. Overall decent first set, helped a lot by the jammed out Let It Grow to finish. Fairly average for the time second set until Playin' melts, first into drums, then drums with Phil, and then the rest of the band join for a proper space jam. However, after this detour of fun, we get a fairly normal run to the end, even if Black Peter is a solid version.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 6 Jamming: 8 Playing: 7

01-02-78
	1 hour of He's Gone > Other One > Wharf Rat > Sugar Mags? Sign me up! Mix and voices are excellent. Wonderfully lazy jam in the Other One with Phil taking an active role. Some minor space playing at times. Very relaxed vibe, a touch of '74 in the mix. Rocking end leaves the crowd begging for more. This is a good example of the Dead playing with a supreme confidence. Only downside is the short first set, also ends unusually with Sugaree. Otherwise, this is a killer show for the era - again! Also features quite loud Keith.
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 7 Jamming: 8 Playing: 8

03-02-78
	The setlists for the tour are getting more and more crazy. There's a listed 34 minutes of Playin' and another 15 of Eyes for the 2nd set here. But for a change let's mention the 1st set - this is a particularly fine one. The band are right on form and full of energy. The second set shenanigans feature the Dead in a more introspective mood. The Playin' is fairly long but never goes into any explosive spaces. By the end of the show, it's almost like a different band are on stage, albeit equal in skill.
	Setlist: 9 Energy: 7 Jamming: 8 Playing: 7

04-02-78
	Unfortunatly the first set is slightly ropey AUD. Sounds ok but hard to get past the inferior sound. When the 2nd set starts and we switch to SBD the clarity os like night and day. This second set does have a touch of the 10 minute song syndrome where no particular song really gets quite enough time to develop into something interesting. Nonetheless, it's well played and a decent song order. Just lacks a step into a special place. Bit of a sleeper show really; recent shows have been a bit better. 
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 7 Jamming: 7 Playing: 7

05-02-78
	Looks fairly normal from the outset. Great first set, maybe slightly better than I expected. Rare (for the era) full Bobby joke to start set 2. Scarlt has a really good, high energy jam before Fire - almost like a Playin' jam. The quality continues for the rest of the show, except the songs are 10 minutes or so each. Overal a high quality show to end the tour, however previous shows have it beat overall.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 8 Jamming: 7 Playing: 7

06-04-78
	Decent source excepting the opening Bertha. I don't really have a lot to say about this show. The first set is again par for the course. There is some length in the song selection for the 2nd set but it neither really catches fire nor turn into a car crash. It's definitly average GD for the period. Perhaps some of this comes as it's the first show for some 2 months.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 7 Jamming: 6 Playing: 6

07-04-78
	Worst first set for a while. Everything is off. Jerry seems uncertain at times, and even drops a few bum notes from time to time. Keith seems totally absent, although that could be the mix. A slow, sedate, out of sorts Jack Straw continues the lack of fun in the 2nd set. This is worse than all of 77! Back half of the second set gets us back to "average" territory. Jerry speaks - "Thank You", maybe he was surprised they were screaming so much.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 6 Jamming: 6 Playing: 5

08-04-78
	Weird show. Starts off well with a decent Half-step into a much better first set than the previous night. The second set also starts wull but the energy seems to fade and the jams after Scarlet lose direction. Check the slow intro to the Eyes 3rd verse, sounds like the band are about to go to sleep! Also the second set is very lop-sided, 56 mins before drums/space and only 11 after! Overall a bit more professional than the previous night, this one just lacked any highlights at all.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 6 Jamming: 5 Playing: 6

10-04-78
	First set demonstrates something is off. MNS is all over the place and yet somehow never manages to fully trainwreck. Second set recovers but the setlist is not very interesting to me. Start of the really long standalone Franklins with a 16 min walkthrough post drums. So far this tour is quite the step back from the spring one. Shows have lacked jamming, energy and more importantly, cohesion.  It's also not obvious where exactly things are going wrong, after all the standard of these shows is still higher than most of the 80s.
	Setlist: 5 Energy: 6 Jamming: 5 Playing: 6

11-04-78
	Now here's a show with a twist - the first ever Iko Iko. Not a song I'm personally a fan of, and here it replaces what would likely be the Jerry ballad. Perhaps it would be better they'd done it a few shows earlier - the vibe of this show just seems to continue the run since the start of tour. Largely lacking in energy and inspiration, despite the playing being quite tight. Let me tell you what IS good about this tour - the steel drums used by Mickey. They're great! On the flipside, drums is 21 minutes long.
	Setlist: 5 Energy: 6 Jamming: 5 Playing: 6

12-04-78
	This is very highly rated, but is that just because of the video? I know I'm guilty of that myself. Doesn't start well as Jerry's mic is out for the first few songs, and he is out of tune in BIODTL as well. In fairness, this is mostly resolved by the end of the first set, which is possibly the best so far of this tour (although that's not saying much). Playing is decent pre-drums, however drums itself is really too long (26 minutes!). Post drums is not bad, but this show, although the best of the tour so far, is over-rated.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 7 Jamming: 5 Playing: 7

14-04-78
	Confident sounding first set, with quite a bit of joking onstage. This Peggy-O is highly rated, and rightly so. Best first set of the tour so far. Second set is average at start but lights up with a really well done Dancin'. Via a long drums we are even led into space (nothing like the 80's versions). Unfortunatly the show tails off a bit after this - maybe 20 mins is too long for drums? Nothing wrong with the last quarter, it just fails to match the rest of the show.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 7 Jamming: 6 Playing: 7

15-04-78
	Great setlist and the only Morning Dew of the year. Comes out punching only to almost car crash in the 2nd song! Good lord, what the hell are the drummers doing in BEW? Luckily dear reader, they improve. Certainly one of the better versions of Playin' post 76, a real meaty energetic version. They're not finished though, an excellent NFA and an above average Dew to finish. The band slightly run out of steam after that but who can blame them? The best show so far of this tour.
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 7 Jamming: 8 Playing: 7

16-04-78
	Sounding familiar? First set is nicely done but nothing realy stood out. Still above average though. Scarlet > Fire and Estimated > Eyes before drums, a pretty familar setlist, although the Crazy Fingers in the middle is probably the best song. Drums is again too long - mainly because it lacks variety. Post drums is short and mainly an Iko Iko jam. Overall not a bad show - there's no real off moments - but there's not enough meat on the bone to really do it for me.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 7 Jamming: 5 Playing: 6

18-04-78
	A rare show for sure; the aud is better than the board, which seems to have far too many analog generations. Nothing to say - either good or bad - about the first (maybe that's actually a bad point?). Scarlet meanders to a close and then they start Dancin', unusual but works for me. It's a weird show overall - good energy, below-par source, strange setlist and so on, however overall it's not really a killer show. Would be good to listen to a quality board of the show.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 7 Jamming: 5 Playing: 6

19-04-78
	Great first set, one of the best for some time. The 2nd set also doesn;t really dissapoint, although it lacked a special moment - it was simply well done. The space after drums was the most fully-fledged, although once again the drums were too long for me. Overall an above average show, although I find it hard to note anything that stuck out. First Werewolves is a least a change and some fun though. Only contemporary song the band played?
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 7 Jamming: 6 Playing: 7

21-04-78
	Takes a little while for the first set to get going, but Jerry pulverizes the second solo in Passenger after the band screw up the middle (check 3:20 onwards!). However, once they finally get everything together (from the Playin' onwards) it's a great drive to the end, along with a pretty decent Truckin'. Drums > Space is starting to come apparent as well. Seems like Bob is going to take all the Werewolves solos? Tour finally seems to be picking up, just as we come to the end!
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 7 Jamming: 7 Playing: 7

22-04-78
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 8 Jamming: 6 Playing: 7
	Fairly typical setlist doesn't exite that much but the 2nd set from Estimated on is definitly above average; the highlight is Wharf Rat but the NFA that precedes it is also great. Near the end, the playing gets a touch ragged; not enough to have a major effect but it's definitly there. This "wheels coming off the carhorse" feeling lifts the whole of the second half. On the whole, a decent show but lacking a major moment of spark that would put it in the big league.

24-04-78
	Why are the tapes on archive mislabelled? This is a tape from Normal, Illinois, and that name is not insignificent. We open with a grinding, crushing Promised to start with. One of the better versions, and I've heard plenty. The whole first set is excellent, ending with a killer MNS. Things however don't continue quite as well into the 2nd set. It's not bad, just suffers from too many 10 minute songs and a slight lack of adventure. Musically, not a note wrong. Tape isn't helped by a truly terrible splice in Around & Around.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 7 Jamming: 6 Playing: 7

05-05-78
	Classic modern setlist loses a point for being so unsurprising. Hard to critique this show. Nothing bad about it at all, but nothing stood out really. Passenger seems to have finally been "solved" in that this version and the last few have been really good. It's a decent enough show but I would say fairly average for the time. I'd say it's the first of the tour but it's only 11 days since the previous show! Decent, but a bit too average overall. Needed something a bit more.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 6 Jamming: 6 Playing: 6

06-05-78
	This show has some weird sources. You can get like 80% of it as soundboard but it comes in all sorts of flavours, none really complete. Totally killer first set, best for a long time. There's an English guy (!) calling for Sat Night at the start of set 2. He gets Sunrise. FM source is terrible, so over to AUD for the 2nd set, which isn't too bad, although missing Keith. 2nd set has a decent sequence, however it might be a lot more fun in better sound quality, because it didn't cut through as much as the first set. Good show, not-so-great audio.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 7 Jamming: 7 Playing: 7

07-05-78
	Opening Jack Straw rips the roof off. Doesn't really sustain that energy for the rest of the show though. It's very much an average show, with a few minor errors thrown in that seems to show the band under capacity (check out the end of the first Estimated solo as an example). Tape wandering into audience after Black Peter and an over-long Iko Iko post drums doesn't add much fun either. Overall there's nothing terrible about this show, but it's clearly not as good as others from the same era.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 7 Jamming: 5 Playing: 6

09-05-78
	Audience only, although this is a new-ish source from Kathy Sublette. Pretty low-key first set until Passengers just about stays on the rails - a great version. Back to some sort of normality until Dancin' in set 2. It's not very exploratory but they spend a lot of energy getting some great grooves on in the jam, a real solid version. Rest of show is not as interesting, although to be fair the tape makes it more difficult to enjoy.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 7 Jamming: 6 Playing: 6

10-05-78
	Jerry slowly realising he's singing the wrong part in Bertha is pure comedy. Decent Estimated > Eyes (at least, above average that is) leads into a far too long 24 minutes of drums. Setlists recently have a become a lot less exciting, although in some ways a lot more modern as well. Unfortunatly this shows suffers really badly from "10 minute syndrome" where every chance for a longer, engaging jam is snuffed out after about 10 minutes. Long enough to start to go somewhere but not enough for a full journey. Short intro into Other One is fairly unique though.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 6 Jamming: 6 Playing: 7

11-05-78
	The infamous mescaline show. Very apparent in the the Dancin', there's almost a phish-style vocal jam at the end of the song. Apart from this though, the show is a little lackluster. The first set takes some time to get going, and by set 2 it seems the band are playing it for laughs. Still not a bad show per se but definitly one of the weaker ones of the tour. Ending JB Goode is surprisingly together compared to a lot of the show!
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 6 Jamming: 5 Playing: 6

13-05-78
	Second set setlist looks like a real cracker. Unfortunatly, we start with a small issue; the furst set is AUD only. Nothing particularly stand-out in this first set, I would say the first sets have declined in quality a bit (they are certainly more predictable) but that's from a high standard. Decent jamming in the second set first half, best for a while. Drums go on a little too long, but they open up into a real space (albeit a bit short). Really decent Truckin' and the end rocks out well. Decent show.
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 7 Jamming: 7 Playing: 6

14-05-78
	Fairly normal first set but the ending Let It Grow jam is pretty decent (are there any bad LiG from this period, despite being not that common?). The second set setlist looks decent and it starts well with Ship Of Fools / Estimated likely the best parts but as the set goes down it gets less interesting. Around & Around has very little fire or energy. One of the weaker shows of the era.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 6 Jamming: 6 Playing: 6

16-05-78
	Audience only for the first set. We seem to be on a slippery slope downwards here. The shows are still good. but there has been a lack of stand-out moments since Spring tour, as well as less energy and the second sets are less exploratory. A slow trend, but a trend it is. This is a good example. No mistakes and the setlist has no bad songs but there's a lack of spark in general, not particularly from this one show but overal as a slow decline. Once the audio problems are sorted this is not a bad show, but the decline is there.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 6 Jamming: 5 Playing: 6

17-05-78
	Standard first set opens up a bit with Lazy Lightning > Supplication (under-appreciated, in my view). Stated as a SBD (sbd.scotton.miller.109000.flac16) but chunks sound like a decent AUD. Similar comments to the previous night really. It's not an exciting show particularly and continues the slow downwards slide. It's more like the band have lost a bit of mojo more than music skills declining.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 6 Jamming: 5 Playing: 6

04-06-78
	First show of the summer is a real cocaine infused barn-burner of a show, especially after drums, although the signs are there from the opening Bertha. First set has great versions of Brown Eyed Women and T.Jed. In the second set, it gets pretty racuous. Eyes especially is played fast - too fast, as Jerry's voice fails to match the drums at a few points. Post drums is full of screams, whoops and hollers to an exceptional degree. 100% rock and roll but perhaps a bit too unhinged, this is the definition of ragged 1978.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 8 Jamming: 5 Playing: 6

25-06-78
	Another bunch of whooping in the the first set. Passenger is a weird hot mess. Estimated starts to get hot in the first solo but Jerry is slightly out of tune. Raging jam afterwards continues through Eyes and then emerges fully formed in what must be the largest meltdown since 74 (with pranksters through drums space and for once they add something) before the rolling thunderstorm continues into NFA and a bunch of rockers till the end. Is the most energetic GDTRFB ever? Unhinged rock and roll at it's finest. This is show where Jerry tried the unliked Ibanez guitar.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 9 Jamming: 7 Playing: 6

01-07-78
	Unusual show as we have 1 set over which the band try to do 2 sets, so we end up with both a compressed first and second set. It's not bad, and gets better as the show progresses, most of the show from the Terrapin onwards is decent, maybe even better post drums and maybe peaking atv Wharf Rat. Unfortunatly the time issues don't allow the band to really explore and by the time they are hitting their stride it's all over. Still, quite a decent show. AUD only unless you have the complete July 78 release.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 7 Jamming: 7 Playing: 6

03-07-78
	Another AUD. Not a particularly fine show, though a soundboard might change that opinion. A fairly normal first set gives way to a better second set. The highlights are the Dancin' and the Stella Blue. Elsewhere this feels like a slightly rushed show, especially the Sugar Mags at the end. Good tape for Phil shows as he's quite loud at some parts of the show but otherwise this fairly poor quality audience needs a decent upgrade to really exploer further.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 7 Jamming: 6 Playing: 6

05-07-78
	Rough sounding but exciting sounding tape. That's 3 AUD shows in a row now, makes rating this era harder. Show opens well with a short but hot Sugaree. First set is decent but it really picks up in the second set. There's a firecracker set off in Ship Of Fools and it seems to list the whole band. We even get a bass solo after Eyes! Special note the the Truckin' - not even a whistle start! - which maybe the most rocking of the year so far. Even Iko is decent and the energy is mantained until the house. If this was a board, it would be killer.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 7 Jamming: 6 Playing: 8

07-07-78
	Finally a soundboard but the mix on this one isn't great. Keith's practiclly turned off. Hot first set, one of the better ones I've heard recently. Nothing particulary stood out from, it was all pretty hot. Maybe a special mention to the closing MNS. Second set doesn't really match it, except that space is pretty good for the era. It seems some energy was sucked out in the setbreak and set 2 is merely average for the period. 2 encores though, quite unusual at any time.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 6 Jamming: 6 Playing: 7

07-07-78
	Overall very good show. No massive jams but everything from Estimated through Wharf Rat is really well done. Energy level is slightly dialled back comared to a few recent shows. The encore is 21 minutes long - surely one of the longest ever? Certainly for 77/78. It's a very good show, although it's hard to say there's a particular highlight - it's al done very well but no particular song could be siad to be a "best of" at all. Intro to Other One and the jam into Wharf Rat are the highlights.
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 6 Jamming: 6 Playing: 8

30-08-78
	The AUD only first set might be the worst AUD of 77/78. It's so bad that I won't even bother reviewing it, so we get to jump into set 2 straight away. The first ever Miracle is a bit shaky. What follows is a mix of ups and downs. Pre-drums is the same as the previous set but is fairly decent. It gets even better through space > IIHTWTG (a great version with severe fanning) and then drops right into dirge with a slow uninspired Iko Iko. Impressive quite how much the energy dies at the end of the show!
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 5 Jamming: 6 Playing: 6

31-08-78
	Decent enough first set for the period, although again nothing really stand-out. First Shakedown Street might well be the shortest, but it's well done. Second set picks up steam as it goes along, although there are some out-of-tune issues at times. Pretty decent through to the end. Weirdly there's an Olin Arageed here before they go to Eygpt - has to be a story there somewhere. Transitition to aud slightly ruins the end post Black Peter (a good version). Overall a fairly average show, except Terrapin to Black Peter.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 6 Jamming: 7 Playing: 6

09-02-78
	Mickey counts new song "Miracle" as "Go, go, nobody go". It still needs some work though. Rest of first set is usual for the period. Second set has out-of-tune issues in Scarlet Begonias (Weir actually tunes during the song, quite painful). Scarlet > Fire is pretty lethargic in general. Bobby remains slightly out of tune for a good long while, at least through Estimated which also has some of the singing out of tune. To compound this, he cuts in during Jerry's solo in the middle. This is definitly below-par. Eyes intro is 5 minutes and Weir is STILL out! Holy crap, coming out of drums the band are even MORE out of tune. Throw this tape away!
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 5 Jamming: 5 Playing: 4

Son Et Lumiere Theater, Giza, XZ (9/14/78)
Son Et Lumiere Theater, Giza, XZ (9/15/78)
Son Et Lumiere Theater, Giza, XZ (9/16/78)
	1978 gets slowly worse and worse throughout the year. The Eygpt shows are the worst point. No shows before this from 77 onwards are worse; and all shows in 1978 after this date are better. These shows have messy SBDs, sloppy playing, no jams and barely any fun (best parts might be the Hamza jams they start the shows with). If you really want to check these shows, listen to the last one. It's sometimes said the band fluff the big shows. Not always by now (check Englishtown for example), but here it really is true!

17-10-78
	After the deluge of bad shows from the last couple of months, at last here we get a solid show. It's not a real barn-burner, but overall it's in a good shape. The new songs are now on point, no out-of-tune guitars and a bit more energy. It's a shame the tape switches to AUD near the end. The first space of some length appears here as well. As a show I'd say it's still below what 78 can offer but it's a notable improvement and is a return to form. Highlight for me might well have been the long intro to Eyes.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 6 Jamming: 5 Playing: 6

18-10-78
	Very fast Sugaree to open with, song seems fast and slow at the same time. They almost trainwreck the end due to the drummers being out of sync. Fortunatly things definitly improve after that and by Stagger Lee it's a great set. It get's even better in set 2. There's a good sequence into Playin', then what follows is virutally unique: Jerry and drums alone for about 6/7 minutes. It's mellow and really worth a listen. Then you get a short mind left body jam out of space! Wharf Rat > Truckin' get's grittier as it rolls along, good end to the show, hottest for a while.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 6 Jamming: 7 Playing: 7

20-10-78
	Let's do the first set first, as I have really not a lot to say about it. Any sense of adventure left first sets some time ago. Lazy Lightning > Supplication is recently the most jammed section of first sets when they play it, and even then it's short. Set 2 starts better but hits a stride in the Dancin'. Maybe the best Dancin' jam I ever heard! Whilst space is decent, the energy level dissipates for post-drums. Laziest JB Goode? Even Shakedown closing fades to a close.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 5 Jamming: 7 Playing: 6

21-10-78
	Fairly sparkling from the start. Band seem up for it. First track to really show fire is the Estimated, a decent and long version. Drums and space has a weird Mojo Working that follows but the energy level rachets up for the following Other One - short and full of fire and energy. Quality extends to the Stella Blue that follows. There's a party to follow with a couple of rockers. Touches of greatness in small parts, this show makes you wish for a bit more.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 6 Jamming: 7 Playing: 7

22-10-78
	Another show starting with Ollin Arrageed - I quite like this, even if gets a bit samey quickly. Rest of first set is mostly as expected. Strange set list for set 2 as pre-drums has the jams right at the start in Scarlet > Fire and then no exploration until the long (longest?) NFA post drums. NFA is quite interesting; Cippolina gets the oppurtunity to play a long solo but he runs out of ideas quite quickly. When Jerry comes back he is far more inventive. Weir throws in MLB and Jerry is on it in a bar, impressive. Decent, but fails to really lift off, last few shows were definitly better.
	Setlist: 5 Energy: 6 Jamming: 7 Playing: 6


11-11-78
	Grateful Dead on Saturday Night Live - not a real show, and the songs are kept short.
	Setlist: 0 Energy: 0 Jamming: 0 Playing: 0

13-11-78
	Another AUD only. Not that bad of an tape fortunatly. First set sailed by a bit. Peggy-O was listed as a possible "best ever" in the comments, but even after 3 listens I can only say that it's merely good. Decent Half-Step Franklins to open set 2. Unfortunatly they take far too long to get to the meat of the second set and the resulting jam doesn;t have enough time to really go anywhere. The closing Around & Around starts hot but this is frittered away when they hit the double-tempo parts.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 5 Jamming: 5 Playing: 6

14-11-78
	Another AUD. One thing to note about these tapes is that whilst they are definitly worse than the boards, they are a world away from the early 70s audience tapes, some of which are truly awful. This one starts with a bad Sugaree where the tempo is a bit all over the place. Rest of the show is normal, that is nothing stood out for me really. Second set through Estimated was likely the highlight, along with a decent Stagger Lee in the first. That opening number was an unusual stumble, one of the worst tracks of the year.
	Setlist: 5 Energy: 6 Jamming: 5 Playing: 5

16-11-78
	There's definitly more audience tapes in 78 that 77, or rather, there are more shows with missing boards. Usually there is a partial board, as there is here. Unfortunatly that leaves for some messy tapes. This one is really well cut up. That's not a lot that stands out, until an epic jam out of Truckin' to close the second set. It's short but particularly brutal, and unfortunatly missing from the boards. Likely the best Truckin' of the year.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 6 Jamming: 5 Playing: 6

17-11-78
	Definitly something that 77 never had - an acoustic set. With some pretty unique songs as well. Pretty well done. Of course it's short, and no real jams. It's not that kind of show though. Picking up the conversations between Weir and Garcia is fun, as they alone seem to decide the setlist. The audio quality is pretty decent and yet includes audience clapping. Very hard to rate as it's not a normal show, but well worth a listen.
	Setlist: 9 Energy: 5 Jamming: 0 Playing: 6

17-11-78L Late Show
	Really partial recording, little bits are in SBD but overall this show is a real mess. There is a fairly cool unique (although short) jam after Eyes that seems to be messing with some new chords. Ultimatly, the cuts and poor sound quality definitly do not show this at it's best. The last few minutes of Eyes though - they would be great to have a SBD for.
	Setlist: 9 Energy: 6 Jamming: ? Playing: 6
	
18-11-78
	Sweet sweet board after a whole slew of audience tapes. The first set was decent but to a large degree it flew over me. The second set, now summons your attention. A slew of jammed out songs before we hit an Other One that really melts down, 10 minutes in and you can't tell what song they are playing. This is weird for 78, can't be many jams like this after this date. Post drums is a bit more sensible and quite a bit tamer, although the energy level is sustained. What a great show!
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 6 Jamming: 8 Playing: 7

20-11-78
	Weir is sick for most of the second set, creating a very unique setlist. Sources are a bit all over the place, the sound goes from "pretty clear" to "slightly murky audience". Second set starts with jam > drums > jam, which sounds exciting but things don't really get moving until PITB pops up. Unfortunatly the sources really don't do well here. As soon as it settles down to some decent audio, there's another drop-out, and these drop-outs to AUD can last a long time. After listening to this show, I think if I were to listen again I'd head to the best AUD. Despite all this, it's a decent run in the 2nd set.
	Setlist: 9 Energy: 6 Jamming: 7 Playing: 6

21-11-78
	Back to a more normal show, although again the the sound source is a little all over the place. Second set is tough to take in parts as is wanders between SND and AUD, even if the splices are really well done. Show is decent overall but only really picks up properly after drums. Unfortunatly this is also where all the tape splicing is found. A particularly tasty Truckin' - mainly raw riffing power at the end - brings what you need, but it's the last song. Always leave people wanting more, maybe?
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 6 Jamming: 6 Playing: 6

23-11-78
	Again with the audience splices. Something's gone wrong with the tapes for late '78. This one varies between songs, which is better than all the splices of the last show. Shame, because this is a pretty killer first set, maybe one of the best for some time. Second set is also very good, it just switches aud and sbd between songs almost. All of Terrapin is aud but songs either side are in a great sbd. Terrapin onwards is great, also quite mellow, with a decent Ollin jam. Wish this was a better sound quality. 
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 6 Jamming: 7 Playing: 7

24-11-78
	On sometimes guitar, Jerry Garcia. His voice is screwed up (the next few shows were cancelled). Rocks with intent from the very first note. Decent first set, although the energy subsides as the show goes on - by Fire the band are a lot more mellow and Jerry's voice is full-on frog. A quick wrap up with a couple of Bob rockers and the band are out the door. A pity about this show; if the first set energy could have been sustained it might have been a great show.
	Setlist: 5 Energy: 5 Jamming: 4 Playing: 5

12-12-78
	Whilst ultimatly this is not really a classic show, it does represent a step forward in the right direction. For once the sound quality is a clear soundboard from the first note to the last, minus about 2 seconds in GDTRFB. Jerry's voice is a lot better, and there's not a single (?) bad note played all note. For all that though, it's very skimpy on the jams and a some kind of spark is missing. It's not a bad show but it never catches fire at any point
	Setlist: 5 Energy: 5 Jamming: 5 Playing: 6

13-12-78
	A slightly dirty soundboard that takes most of the first song to get dialled in, unusual for '78. It's a similar show to the night before, up until the Playin. This starts normally but 10 minutes in and we are into meltdown territory. This is spacey for late '78. The journey continues through to the end, even the post drums Shakedown has a little turn. Not a masterpiece but a perfectly solid show.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 5 Jamming: 7 Playing: 6

15-12-78of
	Audience, but it's not too bad and you get the crowd vibe. In truth, this is a 'lite' version of the last show in many ways. There's a PITB sandwich, but it lacks minor meltdown of the last show and of course the sound isn't as sharp. A bit forgettable over all, which is the biggest sin of a GD show. Looking at the positives, there's no mistakes and if thE EQ was better this might come over as a more decent gig. 
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 5 Jamming: 6 Playing: 5

16-12-78
	An audience, but this has to be the most crispy one I've ever heard from the 70's. Honestly, except for a bit of low end missing, it's almost like a perfect matrix. This is a good show. Maybe even very good. Others may rave about the opening Sugaree or the Scarlet Fire but for me the tipping point came post drums; the Other One is really good and features a 15m jam that sees them jam out of the song. Well worth checking out.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 5 Jamming: 7 Playing: 6

17-12-78
	Another show where the sound quality varies a bit and switches to AUD on occasion. The setlist isn't as great as it could be either. Despite this, we will still have a pretty decent show from start to almost finish (a little loss of energy om thr Sunshine Daydream). This show overall is pretyy average, but at least average has picked quite a bit since the summer. Highight of the show is the Ollin Jam > Shakedown that comes out of drums.
	Setlist: 5 Energy: 5 Jamming: 6 Playing: 6

19-12-78
	Another show with iffy sonics. The first set can be found as a ropey SBD, but you might just be better sticking with the AUD, at least then the audio is consistent. Weird second set has Promised Land after Scarlet > Fire. Gets interesting with a decent jam after Truckin', of all songs. The Stella outro, although short, has to be heard to be believed! Jerry starts the NFA riff whilst still playing the Stella Blue chords. Ends really strongly in contrast with the rest of the show - pretty much every song post drums is a belter!
 	Setlist: 5 Energy: 6 Jamming: 6 Playing: 7

21-12-78
	Rough sounding first set has great energy and ends on a killer MNS. Second set has a SBD source but it's not better as such, merely different (suffering - quite badly - from compression and dolby artifacts). Clears up a little bit in the second set. Decent Playin'm even better drums (very notable steel drums). Cuts and dies near the end of the second set. One of the worst quality shows from the year, would be very good if a decent version of this came out. Except for the first couple of songs in the 2nd set this is pretty solid from start to finish.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 6 Jamming: 7 Playing: 6

22-12-78
	I thought the last show was a bit rough, this is potentially even worse! It even cuts the close of the second set, but then again it is all we have. Not much to report from the first set as there's such a thick fog blanketing the music. Crikes - it warbles as well, pushing the band in and out of tune at times. The second set has a decent Scarlet, getting into Playin' territory at around 13 minutes in. From there through Eyes is a bit more restrained but the heat picks up again in the last half, which unfortunatly cuts early into Wharf Rat.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 6 Jamming: 6 Playing: 6

27-12-78
	Stone cold classic GD as the tape opens with a swirly, poorly mixed rocking Promised Land that slowly gets adjusted into something listenable. Despite another show with sub-optimal audio, the first set is a real smoker. An excellent Half Step > Franklins / MSN to end the set. The quality eases back throughout the second set as if the band run out of energy and ends as an average set. That and the dodgy sound quality make this show hard to reccomend.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 7 Jamming: 5 Playing: 6

28-12-78
	Finally a really clear soundboard. First set is rock solid and includes a particularly hot Big River. Did I mention how good the board is? This is energetic, powerful Dead that the AUD tapes fail to shine a light on. The second set has one of those fast Eyes (near the start of a 12 year run) but all the songs around are generally great, except the jamming is a little lacking... until you meet the monster Truckin'. Short, but tries to go there. Jerry tells Keith to shut up in Wharf Rat and the boys just about manage to hold up a trainwreck at the start of Sugar Mags. You know, the type where the beat gets lost at the start of a song and you can't tell what's going to happen. Very solid.
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 8 Jamming: 6 Playing: 7

30-12-78
	One of my favourite dates to review, as it tends to throw up short shows of interest. Nothing short about this though, and what a great setlist! On the whole it's a pretty good show, although the jamming is a little shallow. AS could possibly be expected, the band run short of energy on the home stretch, or maybe they were saving themselves for the following night. What seems to stunt the end is drums > Ollin Arrageed with Hamza. It's then 25 mins of drums, it breaks up the flow of the show too much. Other than that, pretty solid. 
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 6 Jamming: 6 Playing: 7

31-12-78
	This is an excellent show. The last show where the band could sustain 3 full sets without flagging. First set is great, second set mellows a bit and has less energy than the first, and the third is great - highlight might be the Wharf Rat. Avaliable as realy good quality video as well, which really adds a lot. Might not be the best show ever, but this is the kind of show I think all Deadheads can enjoy. The best new years? It's certainly up there.
	Setlist: 9 Energy: 7 Jamming: 7 Playing: 7



1979 Shows
----------

05-01-79
	From memory of the last time I did this tour, they were all audiences. Hopefully one or 2 have been upgraded since then, but it sure seems a lot of shows in late 78 and early 79 are missing boards. Considering at this point it's somebody from the late 70s smuggling a mic into a rowdy gig they're not but lack dynamic range compared to the boards. This show has a nice set-list but nothing really essential, even given the quite long songs pre-drums. Looking back over a year and you can see that some things are not as sharp as they were, but this is on pinch points like the Around double time. Overall not bad but not really anything special.
	Setlist: 5 Energy: 6 Jamming: 5 Playing: 5

07-01-79
	Another audience. Unusual show as the PA dies near the end. But let's start with the opener, as it's a raging Jack Straw. Mellows a bit as the set goes on. Jerry's voice is shot by T.Jed. Estimated is great, the solo is really high up in the clouds and yet finishes on raging fanning, however the song exits on a far-too-fast Eyes (this problem will last for a good few years). On the other hand, if you want a high energy Eyes, this is surely the one. It's on fire! All is looking good until the mother of all PA failures in Black Peter. The band manage to soldier on and musically it still sounds good, even if the mix is all over the place at this point!
	Setlist: 6 Energy: 7 Jamming: 5 Playing: 6

08-01-79
	Charlie Miller says "One of my all time favorite 2nd sets" but it doesn't do it for me. Perhaps a better quality tape would help, as this is very similar to the previous night, although the PA at least does not blow up. It's got a decent start, the Wharf Rat is a strong version and the energy is there. Unfortunatly the jams don't seem to do much and this combined with the poor sound means the whole shows feels a bit flat.  
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 7 Jamming: 5 Playing: 6

10-01-79
	There's a Dark Star here! But before we get there, we have to wade through a not-very-exiting first set - Jerry picks too many long slow numbers than is needed, and there's not a huge a mount of spark until the closing MNS. Once again the sound quality isn't great from the audience. Some boards from the tour would be good. Set 2 is mainly flat until the Star, which only really impresses at the start because it's a Star. Gets a bit better after the verse, but the true MVP here is the space post-drums. Good string ending, a better copy would be really nice.
	Setlist: 8 Energy: 6 Jamming: 7 Playing: 6

11-01-79
	SBD for a change. Easily a worse board than any of 77 and 78. It's very hissy and a 50/50 call whether it's better than the AUD in circulation. Jack Straw is killer, even when Bob cuts off Jerry mid-fanning. Donna talks on stage as it's everybodies birthday. Crazy last note in the Estimated middle solo. After that single note, the rest of the show is fairly flat and more or less proceeds as expected. This feels like the most 80s show of the period I have reviewed so far. On the flip side, they try to make up for it in the encore.
	Setlist: 5 Energy: 6 Jamming: 5 Playing: 5

12-01-79
	After Jack Straw (surely Bob was trying to make up for the awful cut of the previous night) Bobby dedicates the show to Karen Aldrin (?), must be the only time a whole show was for one person. Bit of a miss in Passenger, rare for any song in this era. I would Dancin' in the 2nd set is a solid version, but actually it's the jam out of it with Bill and Jerry that's the actual highlight. There's nothing that special in the rest of the show, although it's done well. More solid than spectacular. The AUD isn't too bad.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 6 Jamming: 6 Playing: 5

14-01-79
	Worst AUD of the tour so far, which is an achievement by itself! Still not quite 1970 levels of unlistenable though. Have to say all that audience noise seems to pump up the energy on the tapes though. This show doesn't seem to have much to it. Iko at 12m 50s followed by Other One for 6m 26s might well sum up it up and unfortunatly hint at the future of the band. Worst Stagger Lee? Another super-rushed Eyes. There's not much of interest here, even for somebody who tries to listen to every show I nearly switched off. Avoid!
	Setlist: 5 Energy: 4 Jamming: 5 Playing: 4

15-01-79
	Surely this must be better than the previous night? It could hardly be worse. Off to a good start as we have a SBD again. Slips a notch as Jerry is slightly out of tune in Cassidy. Have to say the first set is a bit flat and Jerry doesn;t really seem up for it. Really starts to pick up from Terrapin onwards. Playin' is lengthy but filled with slightly bland ultra-fast Jerry runs for the first half. End of drums into space has a great calypso style jam. Really picks up energy near the end. One of those shows that takes the band best part of 2 hours to get into it.
	Setlist: 7 Energy: 5 Jamming: 7 Playing: 5

17-01-79
	From the off, this first set is a bit more wide awake than most of the last 2 shows. First set is not the greatest but it's a marked improvement from the last 2 shows. Second set has a fairly average set for the period and none of the songs break out, but they have length and some transitions are on point. Eyes is played too fast again. Post drums is also nothing unusual, so I'd say this is a very "average" show for the period. It does however have some reqlly on point transitions in Estimated > Eyes but also Around > Good Lovin'.
	Setlist: 5 Energy: 5 Jamming: 6 Playing: 5

18-01-79
	Setlist: 5 Energy: 0 Jamming: 0 Playing: 0

20-01-79
	Setlist: 5 Energy: 0 Jamming: 0 Playing: 0

21-01-79
	Setlist: 5 Energy: 0 Jamming: 0 Playing: 0

03-02-79
	Setlist: 5 Energy: 0 Jamming: 0 Playing: 0

04-02-79
	Setlist: 5 Energy: 0 Jamming: 0 Playing: 0

06-02-79
	Setlist: 5 Energy: 0 Jamming: 0 Playing: 0

07-02-79
	Setlist: 5 Energy: 0 Jamming: 0 Playing: 0

09-02-79
	Setlist: 5 Energy: 0 Jamming: 0 Playing: 0

10-02-79
	Setlist: 5 Energy: 0 Jamming: 0 Playing: 0

11-02-79
	Setlist: 5 Energy: 0 Jamming: 0 Playing: 0

17-02-79
	Setlist: 5 Energy: 0 Jamming: 0 Playing: 0



Extras
------

Reviewed: gd80-09-06.sbd_aud.miller.25560
	Long first set is a bit chaotic and one of contrasts. Sugaree is the highlight, but then you get a Stranger that has length but goes nowhere at all. Climaxes with a rushed Promised Land. Audio is SBD for most of the first set, but the AUD, despite a little distortion, isn't too bad when you get used to it. Slow start to set 2, a short Playing > UJB into a long drums which is fairly decent. Post drums is a bunch of short numbers that become increasingly ragged as they go. A lot of ragged energy (reminds me a bit of a 87) but after the Sugaree nothing really catches fire.
