
Europe Tour 1972
----------------

"The beginning and the end"

07-04-72	4.5	Sam Cutler sounds tired in intro. Decent first set with no stand-out. Joyfull, effortless playing. Ramble on Rose is in the wrong place.
				The jam this evening is a pretty mighty Other One split by El Paso, although the first half is the better. Playing was a touch short.
				Inspired Pig + Bobby duet singing at close of NFA. Rocking end, awesome start to the tour. The band sound confident, even slighty cocky
				at times. The Other One could have gone deeper and another minor jam would have been nice.

08-04-72	5	Cutler sounds more up for it. The band just power through set 1 like a hot knife through butter, a greatest hits collection of 70's GD.
				A jam in the obvious place, Playing, is also matched by small break-outs in both Good Lovin' and Truckin'. Everything leads up to the
				Star, which flows as if no effort is required. Stunning riff forms at the end of the song into a absolutly perfect Sugar Mag transition;
				but is the exit transition to Caution actually even better? Confidant, almost egotistic Dead; near perfect, I struggle to fault this.

11-04-72	4.5	Open tracks not as blistering as previous nights - could they be? Very minor BIODTL error shows how tight the band have been this tour.
				First set is very well done but has nothing unusual. Real excitement starts with the Good Lovin'. The main course tonight is a 50 minute
				Truckin > Other One. It takes some considerable time to get to a meltdown but it might be the best this tour so far. This is a really
				good show by any standard but is not as good as the previous nights. The Other One could maybe have gone a bit further out.

14-04-72	4	Copenhagen. Again it is all quality, but it is hard to distinguish best first sets since they sound similar (although all are very good).
				The Playin' in this first set is slightly more relaxed and exploratory than previous ones on the tour. It's a very long first set.
				Star wanders a little too much for it's first half. Wakes up more towards the end with a feeling groovy jam but doesn't go as all out
				as I would have liked. The last 30 minutes has a bit too much Pigpen rapping. Suffers from being next to the previous shows.

16-04-72	4	This is the least jammed show so far, although the Playin' may have been the better of the ones so far. As before, the first set is
				the normal very well done run through, although there were no obvious killer tunes. There is an Other One in this show but it arises
				out of the back of a long Truckin' jam that finally arrives at a decent space but takes 20 minutes to get there. A whole Other One >
				Me & My Uncle > Other One takes just 9 minutes. Perhaps they were short of time?

17-04-72	4	Tivoli. Good chunk of the first set was filmed. First set doesn't quite flow as well as recent shows, although it's hard to really
				quantify the issue. It does end with a particularly volcanic stand-alone Truckin'. The last hour is practically the same as the 11th,
				Star > Sugar Mag > Caution and although not as well	constructed as that nights, it is still a formidable tour de force well worth
				listening to. I've now got used to the Europe '72 sound.

21-04-72	4.5	Bremen. Filmed in a TV studio. Shortest show of the year is goofy, laid back and not really taken seriously till the Dead attempt
				to hit warp speed in A Truckin > Other One that simply gets weirder as the clock runs down. The video quality of this show is a
				major standout for 1972, being both high quality and in a TV show. This is pure, joyous '72 Dead but treating it as a show doesn't
				work. The Dead played for the cameras, but they did that very very well.

24-04-72	4.5	Serious tiger meltdown in Star, possibly the deepest of the tour so far. Show has one of those annoying mini-sets after the main
				jam, 25+ minutes that could easily be removed and would likely make the show better, or at leat more concise. The split Star has
				the major meltdown but otherwise lacks a decent theme, however it improves after the Uncle placed in the middle. The first set was like
				others but really nothing to be sneezed at, what with 11 minutes of Playing and 17 of Good Lovin'. Despite the order, very good.

26-04-72	4.5	Hundred year hall. Dominated by the crazy long Other One. The jam is bookmarked by a 15 minute Truckin' > Drums to get started, and
				then a very well structured Comes A Time > Sugar Magnolia to end with. There is some more after this, but it isn't another mini set
				and is the better for it. As always, to comment on the first set is almost superfluous: again quality abounds and although not
				bursting with jams there was more of a laid-back quality to this than recent shows.

29-04-72	4	Opens with a Playin', most unusual for any era. The main jam is once again a Dark Star > Sugar Mag > Caution, but I can't say that
				this one was a great version. Any Dark Star from this era is generally going to be good music, but of all the nights so far I think
				that this was the least exciting. The jam didn't go anywhere particularly special and seemed more mellow than recent shows. At least
				there was no mini-set after the jam.

03-05-72	4	First sets now really are similar - they are all great. What makes things stand out is usually a killer Pig tune or a jammy Playin'.
				This first set has the former, a rocking Good Lovin'. Not the longest version but very decent. The main jam tonight is, surprise, an
				Other One - so far at every odd numbered show. This version arrives after a Truckin'. It is very competent but does not go very deep.
				Mini-set after the jam fades a bit at the end but the final Saturday Night ends with a crescendo that can crack concrete.

04-05-72
